---
layout: post
title: "Over the Hedge"
description: "RJ, a raccoon who needs food, accidentally takes food from a hungry bear named Vincent and he wants his food to be found in exactly the same place in a week. He finally finds that an animal family, with a tortoise named Verne as their leader, could help him restore the food from the suburbia, the gateway to the good life. But little does RJ know, there is a woman who has recently hired an exterminator to try to hunt them down..."
img: 0327084.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Animation,Adventure,Comedy,Family,Fantasy]
tags: Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy 
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 6.7
votes: 156070
imdb_id: 0327084
netflix_id: 70044882
color: E76F51
---
Director: `Tim Johnson` `Karey Kirkpatrick`  

Cast: `Bruce Willis` `Garry Shandling` `Steve Carell` `Wanda Sykes` `William Shatner` 

RJ is a raccoon, specialist on finding and stealing food, as every raccoon in the world. During a night, RJ tries to steal all the food reserves of Vincent, a big bear, but the raccoon's ambition makes that all the food loot get lost. Vincent warns RJ that he'll should put back all his food when full moon comes, otherwise he will regret having stolen the food. Meanwhile, a group of animals headed by a cautious turtle, Verne, is worried because spring has come and there's not enough food for everyone. Verne tells that they will be fine eating plants and some bark. Later, they find that their wood has a frontier, formed by a giant bush. They're scared of crossing to the other side, where the suburbs exist. But RJ comes to the scene, telling that there's no danger in the suburbs, and that they will find all the food they want there. Nevertheless, Verne distrusts RJ, because he thinks that there's something suspicious about him, trying to convince the group that natural food is better than junk human food. Verne won't be wrong, because RJ is only using them to get the food for Vincent. A pair of opossums, a family of porcupines, a nervous squirrel and a female skunk, will plan a risky theft to a house, drawing a lot of obstacles, like a silly exterminator, a cat and the neurotic house owner.::Alejandro Frias