---
layout: post
title: "Mechanic: Resurrection"
description: "Arthur Bishop, the master assassin who faked his death in hopes of putting that part of his ;life behind him, now lives a quiet life in Rio. But someone who knows who he is shows up and tells him, that if he wants to continue living this life, he will do three jobs for someone. Bishop tries to tell them he has the wrong man but they know who he is and if he won't do the job, they will take him but he gets away. He then goes to a resor.."
img: 3522806.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Thriller]
tags: Action Adventure Thriller 
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 5.7
votes: 74047
imdb_id: 3522806
netflix_id: 80100582
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Dennis Gansel`  

Cast: `Jason Statham` `Jessica Alba` `Tommy Lee Jones` `Michelle Yeoh` `Sam Hazeldine` 

Arthur Bishop, the master assassin who faked his death in hopes of putting that part of his ;life behind him, now lives a quiet life in Rio. But someone who knows who he is shows up and tells him, that if he wants to continue living this life, he will do three jobs for someone. Bishop tries to tell them he has the wrong man but they know who he is and if he won't do the job, they will take him but he gets away. He then goes to a resort in Thailand run by a friend, Mae, where he tries to find out who is looking for him. Later a woman named Gina shows up looking for medical assistance and Mae can't help but notice bruises all over her body. Mae deduces she's a battered woman and when Mae hears her being beaten, Mae asks Bishop to help her. He goes and kills the guy she's with. He kills the man and then sets fire to the boat he's on. But he sees that Gina has a photo of him. He deduces that they one who wants him, sent her. He confronts her and she admits that she works at a children's shelter in Cambodia and that someone told her if she didn't do what he said, the children would be endanger. While waiting for the man to come, they get close. And when the man's people comes, they grab them. Bishop is brought to the man who wants him to do the jobs and he tells Bishop that if he doesn't do it, Gina will be killed. So Bishop has no choice but to do it.::rcs0411@yahoo.com