---
layout: post
title: "The King: Eternal Monarch"
description: "In 1994, the Kingdom of Corea encounters severe upheaval. The King is murdered by his brother Lee Lim and the King's son Lee Gon is stabbed in the neck, but he survives. The murderous Lee Lim seeks to possess the Manpasikjeok, which is legendary flute that holds supernatural powers. After a mysterious figure appears with a gun, Lee Lim slips away with only half of the now broken flute. The young Lee Gon holds onto a police badge he grabbed from the mysterious figure. The next day, Lee Gon is appointed the next.."
img: 11228748.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Fantasy,Mystery,Romance]
tags: Fantasy Mystery Romance 
language: Korean
year: 2020
imdb_rating: 8.4
votes: 3228
imdb_id: 11228748
netflix_id: 81260283
color: 513b56
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Min-Ho Lee` `Go-eun Kim` `Do-Hwan Woo` `Kyung-Nam Kim` `Eun-chae Jung` 

In 1994, the Kingdom of Corea encounters severe upheaval. The King is murdered by his brother Lee Lim and the King's son Lee Gon is stabbed in the neck, but he survives. The murderous Lee Lim seeks to possess the Manpasikjeok, which is legendary flute that holds supernatural powers. After a mysterious figure appears with a gun, Lee Lim slips away with only half of the now broken flute. The young Lee Gon holds onto a police badge he grabbed from the mysterious figure. The next day, Lee Gon is appointed the next ruler of the Kingdom of Corea. 25 years later, in the autumn of 2019, King Lee Gon governs the Kingdom of Corea as its benevolent leader. He is still haunted by what happened when he was a child and the mystery behind the police badge left by his savior. The police badge he held was issued on November 11, 2019 for Lieutenant Jeong Tae Eul. Autumn 2019, in the Republic of Korea. Jeong Tae Eul is a detective in the Violent Crimes Division at the Seoul Jongo Police Station. She is working undercover to take down the operator of an illegal online gambling operation. Meanwhile, in the Kingdom of Corea, King Lee Gon chases after someone that is dressed like a rabbit with a clock. King Lee Gon has a feeling that the person dressed like a rabbit may be his mysterious savior from 25 years earlier. King Lee Gon mounts his horse Maximus and enters the forest. Soon, he crosses over from the Kingdom of Corea into the parallel world of the Republic of Korea, where Lee Gon finally meets Detective Jeong Tae Eul.::(Source: AsianWiki)