---
layout: post
title: "Red Riding Hood"
description: "Valerie (Seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men. She is in love with a brooding outsider, Peter (Fernandez), but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy Henry (Irons). Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter are planning to run away together when they learn that Valerie's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. For years, the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast, offering the creature a monthly an.."
img: 1486185.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Fantasy,Horror,Mystery,Romance,Thriller]
tags: Fantasy Horror Mystery Romance Thriller 
language: English
year: 2011
imdb_rating: 5.5
votes: 106663
imdb_id: 1486185
netflix_id: 70167073
color: 472d30
---
Director: `Catherine Hardwicke`  

Cast: `Amanda Seyfried` `Gary Oldman` `Billy Burke` `Shiloh Fernandez` `Max Irons` 

Valerie (Seyfried) is a beautiful young woman torn between two men. She is in love with a brooding outsider, Peter (Fernandez), but her parents have arranged for her to marry the wealthy Henry (Irons). Unwilling to lose each other, Valerie and Peter are planning to run away together when they learn that Valerie's older sister has been killed by the werewolf that prowls the dark forest surrounding their village. For years, the people have maintained an uneasy truce with the beast, offering the creature a monthly animal sacrifice. But under a blood red moon, the wolf has upped the stakes by taking a human life. Hungry for revenge, the people call on famed werewolf hunter, Father Solomon (Oldman), to help them kill the wolf. But Solomon's arrival brings unintended consequences as he warns that the wolf, who takes human form by day, could be any one of them. As the death toll rises with each moon, Valerie begins to suspect that the werewolf could be someone she loves. As panic grips the town, Valerie discovers that she has a unique connection to the beast--one that inexorably draws them together, making her both suspect...and bait.::Warner Bros. Pictures