---
layout: post
title: "Side Effects"
description: "Emily Taylor, despite being reunited with her husband from prison, becomes severely depressed with emotional episodes and suicide attempts. Her psychiatrist, Jonathan Banks, after conferring with her previous doctor, eventually prescribes an experimental new medication called Ablixa. The plot thickens when the side effects of the drug lead to Emily killing her husband in a sleepwalking state. With Emily plea-bargained into mental hospital confinement and Dr. Banks' practice crumbling around him, the case seems closed. However, Dr. Banks cannot accept full respons.."
img: 2053463.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Crime,Drama,Mystery,Thriller]
tags: Crime Drama Mystery Thriller 
language: English
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 7.1
votes: 177302
imdb_id: 2053463
netflix_id: 70243447
color: 264653
---
Director: `Steven Soderbergh`  

Cast: `Rooney Mara` `Carmen Pelaez` `Marin Ireland` `Channing Tatum` `Polly Draper` 

In New York, the insider trader Martin Taylor is released after four years in prison and his mother and his wife Emily Taylor welcome him. Unexpectedly Emily is depressed and tries to commit suicide, hitting her car against the wall in the garage. Emily goes to the hospital and the psychiatrist Dr. Jonathan Banks treats her and she decides to be his client. Dr. Banks consults her former psychiatrist Dr. Victoria Siebert and she suggests that Dr. Banks uses the new drug Ablixa in Emily's treatment. Emily tries to commit suicide again, but she returns to a normal life with Martin and occasionally has sleepwalking episodes. One day, Emily stabs her husband to death while sleepwalking and she is sent to trial. She is declared not-guilty but is forced to go to a psychiatric facility and Dr. Banks is responsible to periodically evaluate her mental condition. Dr. Banks has his career destroyed with the negative publicity and also his marriage with the unemployed financial consultant Dierdre Banks after receiving anonymous photos of Emily with him. He decides to investigate the case to clear his name and discovers that Emily faked her suicide attempts. His further investigation discloses an evil scheme in the stock market.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil