---
layout: post
title: "Project S the Series"
description: "A boys' junior national volleyball championship is approaching. 'Puen' (Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang) is a talented hitter. 'Singha' (Papangkorn Lerkcharoempote) is a competent setter. The two are skilled players of Theppanya School's volleyball team. They both vow to do their best to win the tournament. However, all of a sudden, Singha needs to move and changes schools to St Sebastian School and joins their volleyball team, which is the number one rival of the Theppanya .."
img: 8059904.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Family,Romance,Sport]
tags: Comedy Drama Family Romance Sport 
language: Thai
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 8.5
votes: 63
imdb_id: 8059904
netflix_id: 80994754
color: 513b56
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Sirinut Apijundet` `Suquan Bulakool` `Narupornkamol Chaisang` `Chayanit Chansangavej` `Prama Imanotai` 

A boys' junior national volleyball championship is approaching. 'Puen' (Oabnithi Wiwattanawarang) is a talented hitter. 'Singha' (Papangkorn Lerkcharoempote) is a competent setter. The two are skilled players of Theppanya School's volleyball team. They both vow to do their best to win the tournament. However, all of a sudden, Singha needs to move and changes schools to St Sebastian School and joins their volleyball team, which is the number one rival of the Theppanya School's team. Puen and his teammates are very upset and disappointed with Singha's betrayal. They decide to reform and make their volleyball team stronger by recruiting a new setter named 'Than' (Thiti Mahayotaruk). Than is a hardheaded and always gets into fights with Puen. To resolve this problem, 'Best' (Apinya Sakuljaroensuk), their beautiful team manager, decides to hire 'Win' (Prama Imanotai) as their new coach. Win comes up with an intensive training programme that pushes the boys so hard. The training causes Best to wonder if Coach Win is doing this to help the kids chase their dreams, or is it an attempt to relive a life, and a dream that he was never able to realise for himself. As the tournament day gets closer, the harder their training becomes. Puen, Than, and their team members start to bond and open their hearts and develop sportsmanship towards one another. Then the days comes when Puen faces Singha again on the volleyball court but on the opposite side of the net. Will Puen and his team be able to overcome their rage towards Singha and learn what it truly means to be volleyball players?::GDH 559