---
layout: post
title: "#Anne Frank Parallel Stories"
description: "One single Anne Frank moves us more than the countless others who suffered just as she did but whose faces have remained in the shadows-Primo Levi. The Oscar®-winning Helen Mirren will introduce audiences to Anne Frank's story through the words in her diary. The set will be her room in the secret refuge in Amsterdam, reconstructed in every detail by set designers from the Piccolo Theatre in Milan..."
img: 9850370.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Documentary,Drama,History]
tags: Documentary Drama History 
language: English
year: 2019
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 743
imdb_id: 9850370
netflix_id: 81264660
color: 2A9D8F
---
Director: `Sabina Fedeli` `Anna Migotto`  

Cast: `Helen Mirren` `Anne Frank` `Martina Gatti` `Arianna Szorenyi` 

One single Anne Frank moves us more than the countless others who suffered just as she did but whose faces have remained in the shadows-Primo Levi. The Oscar®-winning Helen Mirren will introduce audiences to Anne Frank's story through the words in her diary. The set will be her room in the secret refuge in Amsterdam, reconstructed in every detail by set designers from the Piccolo Theatre in Milan. Anne Frank this year would have been 90 years old. Anne's story is intertwined with that of five Holocaust survivors, teenage girls just like her, with the same ideals, the same desire to live: Arianna Szörenyi, Sarah Lichtsztejn-Montard, Helga Weiss and sisters Andra and Tatiana Bucci. Their testimonies alternate with those of their children and grandchildren. Off "the set", a girl of today will lead us on a journey to get to know the places that were part of Anne's short life and her feelings. She speaks to us through social networks. In fact, photos and posts are her language, and in this way Martina gives us her interpretation of what she discovers, what she sees, from the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp in Germany to the Holocaust Memorial in Paris, up to and including her visit to the secret refuge in Amsterdam. In the documentary we also hear the voices of Rabbi Michael Berenbaum, historian and professor of Jewish studies at various American universities.Original soundtrack by Lele Marchitelli. Produced in collaboration with Anne Frank Fond Basel.