---
layout: post
title: "Pain & Gain"
description: "Based on the true story of Daniel Lugo (Mark Wahlberg) a Miami bodybuilder who wants to live the American dream. He would like to have the money that other people have. So he enlists the help of fellow bodybuilder Adrian Doorbal (Anthony Mackie) and ex-convict, Christian bodybuilder Paul Doyle (Dwayne Johnson). Their kidnapping and extortion scheme goes terribly wrong since they have muscles for brains and they're left to haphazardly try to hold onto the elusive American dream..."
img: 1980209.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Comedy,Crime,Drama]
tags: Action Comedy Crime Drama 
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 197375
imdb_id: 1980209
netflix_id: 70259171
color: F4A261
---
Director: `Michael Bay`  

Cast: `Mark Wahlberg` `Dwayne Johnson` `Anthony Mackie` `Tony Shalhoub` `Ed Harris` 

Based on a real life story that took place in Miami during the late 1990s, Donald Lugo and Paul Doyle are two successful, yet cash strapped body builders who want to get out of the grind and get the wealth they feel they deserve. Doyle is a born again fundamentalist Christian who just got out of serving 10 years in prison. As good as he is at body building, he's sexually frustrated as years of doing hardcore steroids in prison have really taken a toll on his body and his manhood. Lugo is employed as a trainer and consultant at the gym that they belong to and wants to be the most successful person he can be with the help of a sleazy motivational speaker, he aims for the top. Then enters Victor Kershaw - a Colombian immigrant and semi wealthy restaurant franchise owner who joins the gym. The manically picky Kershaw begins to taunt every aspect of the workout he's being provided with. Eventually Doyle and Lugo decide that they've had enough of his madness. The two kidnap and torture Kershaw for a month to gain access to his fortune, which they then proceed to live the high life with. Unfortunately, as good as they are at body building, these two criminally inept criminals will soon get involved in crime after crime, and don't exactly have the brains to match their muscles to figure out how or where they went wrong. But how long and how far does their ill gotten and ill perceived success go?::halo1k