---
layout: post
title: "The Bride of Humpty Sharma"
description: "When Kavya Pratap Singh, a chirpy yet feisty girl from Ambala, makes a trip to Delhi for her marriage shopping, she meets a young, carefree Delhi lad, Humpty Sharma. Humpty's father owns a campus bookstore where Humpty and his two best friends, Shonty and Poplu, have grown up together and which remains their hangout spot even now. Kavya is unattainable for Humpty initially, which makes her even more endearing to him, but being a Delhi boy, he is not one to give up so easily. With some help from his two best .."
img: 3678938.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Romance]
tags: Comedy Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2014
imdb_rating: 6.0
votes: 10767
imdb_id: 3678938
netflix_id: 80073188
color: c44536
---
Director: `Shashank Khaitan`  

Cast: `Varun Dhawan` `Alia Bhatt` `Ashutosh Rana` `Sidharth Shukla` `Sahil Vaid` 

When Kavya Pratap Singh, a chirpy yet feisty girl from Ambala, makes a trip to Delhi for her marriage shopping, she meets a young, carefree Delhi lad, Humpty Sharma. Humpty's father owns a campus bookstore where Humpty and his two best friends, Shonty and Poplu, have grown up together and which remains their hangout spot even now. Kavya is unattainable for Humpty initially, which makes her even more endearing to him, but being a Delhi boy, he is not one to give up so easily. With some help from his two best friends, he finds out all about her, and through an interesting turn of events (including a ploy to save Kavya's friend Gurpreet's marriage), they start growing closer to each other. The more time they spend with each other, their love-hate banter grows, but their chemistry is apparent. They are both different, yet very similar as people. They are young, feisty and carefree, and it's the spurge of life which attracts them to each other. As per plan, once Kavya's trip ends, she heads back to Ambala, knowing very well that her father, the very strict yet loving Mr. Singh, would never accept her love for Humpty. Even though neither were looking for love, love happened; so, Humpty, flanked by his pals, decides to go get Kavya. That's the beginning of a journey for him that he wouldn't have imagined undertaking even in the wildest of his dreams. Humpty, against all odds, decides to convince Kavya's family to agree to his alliance with her. How he does this and if he succeeds in his mission forms the rest of the story.::Official site/edited by statmanjeff