---
layout: post
title: "Bon Cop Bad Cop"
description: "When the body of the executive of hockey Benoit Brisset is found on the billboard of the border of Quebec and Ontario, the jurisdiction of the crime is shared between the two police forces and detectives David Bouchard from Montreal and Martin Ward from Toronto are assigned to work together. With totally different styles, attitudes and languages, the reckless David and the ethical Martin join force to disclose the identity of the Tattoo Killer, a deranged serial-killer that is killing managers of hockey..."
img: 0479647.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Comedy,Crime,Thriller]
tags: Action Comedy Crime Thriller 
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 6.8
votes: 11727
imdb_id: 0479647
netflix_id: 70095265
color: 432818
---
Director: `Erik Canuel`  

Cast: `Michel Beaudry` `Patrice Bélanger` `Pierre Boudreau` `Sarain Boylan` `Manon Brunelle` 

A dead body is found draped over the joint "Welcome to Ontario/Bienvenue à Québec" sign. There are obvious jurisdictional issues in investigating this case between the Ontario Provincial Police and la Sûreté du Québec, but neither side really wants the case. Finally, they decide to work on it jointly, with the two officers assigned being straight-laced Martin Ward, the "bon cop", and rough and tumble David Bouchard, the "bad cop". Beyond the organizational and language differences, Ward and Bouchard have different working styles that clash with each other. Despite their differences, they quickly learn that they have to work together to achieve their end goal of finding the killer. As they progress in the case, there are more victims, the similarities being that each is tattooed before and after death - hence the media nicknames the perpetrator The Tattoo Killer - and that the victims are associated with professional hockey. The murders seem to be related to the sale of Canadian hockey franchises to U.S. markets. Ward and Bouchard's job becomes one not only of catching the killer but also anticipating who the next targeted victim will be. But as Ward and Bouchard get closer, the Tattoo Killer begins a personal vendetta against the two police officers and their families.::Huggo