---
layout: post
title: "National Parks Adventure"
description: "Narrated by Academy Award® winner Robert Redford, National Parks Adventure takes audiences on the ultimate off-trail adventure into the nation's awe-inspiring great outdoors and untamed wilderness. Immersive IMAX® 3D cinematography takes viewers soaring over red rock canyons, hurtling up craggy mountain peaks and into other-worldly realms found within America's most legendary outdoor playgrounds, including Yellowstone, Yosemite, Glacier Nation.."
img: 5568164.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Documentary,Short]
tags: Documentary Short 
language: English
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 7.0
votes: 798
imdb_id: 5568164
netflix_id: 80217040
color: 513b56
---
Director: `Greg MacGillivray`  

Cast: `Robert Redford` `Conrad Anker` `Max Lowe` `Rachel Pohl` 

Narrated by Academy Award® winner Robert Redford, National Parks Adventure takes audiences on the ultimate off-trail adventure into the nation's awe-inspiring great outdoors and untamed wilderness. Immersive IMAX® 3D cinematography takes viewers soaring over red rock canyons, hurtling up craggy mountain peaks and into other-worldly realms found within America's most legendary outdoor playgrounds, including Yellowstone, Yosemite, Glacier National Park, Redwood National Park, the Everglades and Arches. Celebrate the 100-year anniversary of the national parks with world-class mountaineer Conrad Anker, adventure photographer Max Lowe and artist Rachel Pohl as they hike, climb and explore their way across America's majestic parks in what is both an action-packed expedition and a soulful reflection on what wilderness means to us all. National Parks Adventure is a MacGillivray Freeman film produced in association with Brand USA and presented globally by Expedia, Inc. and Subaru of America, Inc. with major support provided by the Giant Dome Theater Consortium. National Parks Adventure was filmed with 15per/65mm IMAX® 3D cameras and is directed by Greg MacGillivray (The Living Sea, Dolphins, Everest) and produced by Shaun MacGillivray (To The Arctic, Humpback Whales). The film is written by Stephen Judson (Everest, To The Arctic) and Tim Cahill (Everest) with a musical score by Steve Wood (Journey to the South Pacific, Humpback Whales). MacGillivray Freeman Films is the world's leading independent producer and distributor of giant-screen 70mm films with 38 films for IMAX theatres to its credit. Throughout the company's 50-year history, its films have won numerous international awards including two Academy Award nominations and three films inducted into the IMAX Hall of Fame. National Parks Adventure follows in the company's long tradition of films known for their artistry and celebration of the natural world.