---
layout: post
title: "Black Lightning"
description: "Jefferson Pierce has made his choice. He hung up the suit and his secret identity years ago, but with a daughter hell-bent on justice and a star student being recruited by a local gang, he'll be pulled back into the fight as the wanted vigilante and DC legend: Black Lightning..."
img: 6045840.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Action,Drama,Sci-Fi]
tags: Action Drama Sci-Fi 
language: English
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 6.1
votes: 20159
imdb_id: 6045840
netflix_id: 80178687
color: 004643
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Cress Williams` `China Anne McClain` `Nafessa Williams` `Christine Adams` `Marvin 'Krondon' Jones III` 

Jefferson Pierce is a man wrestling with a secret. As the father of two daughters and principal of a charter high school that also serves as a safe haven for young people in a New Orleans neighborhood overrun by gang violence, he is a hero to his community. Nine years ago, Pierce was a hero of a different sort. Gifted with the superhuman power to harness and control electricity, he used those powers to keep his hometown streets safe as the masked vigilante Black Lightning. However, after too many nights with his life on the line, and seeing the effects of the damage and loss that his alter ego was inflicting on his family, he left his Super Hero days behind and settled into being a principal and a dad. Choosing to help his city without using his superpowers, he watched his daughters Anissa and Jennifer grow into strong young women, even though his marriage to their mother, Lynn, suffered. Almost a decade later, Pierce's crime-fighting days are long behind him...or so he thought. But with crime and corruption spreading like wildfire, and those he cares about in the cross-hairs of the menacing local gang The One Hundred, Black Lightning returns - to save not only his family, but also the soul of his community.