---
layout: post
title: "All Saints"
description: "This is an Australian medical drama set in the fantasy All Saints Western General Hospital. It focuses on what happens in ward 17 (affectionately known as the garbage ward) and the lives of the nurses on the ward and two doctors that spend a lot of time there. In also has the paramedic team of Bron and Ben..."
img: 0163924.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Drama]
tags: Drama 
year: 1998
imdb_rating: 7.0
votes: 1131
imdb_id: 0163924
netflix_id: 80182618
color: E76F51
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Judith McGrath` `Georgie Parker` `Tammy Macintosh` `Martin Lynes` `Ben Tari` 

All Saints is an exciting drama series centred around a busy hospital, with an unusual spin on the highly successful genre of hospital drama. Because All Saints focuses on the lives of the people who carry most of the responsibility, the nurses manly, not the doctors, this show delivers stories from the frontline. The nursing staff in All Saints are closer to their patients than anyone else night and day. They are often forced to make crucial decisions, but don't have the power or authority of the doctors. From their point of view, we get to know the patients stories as well as those of the main characters, through the close relationships and bonds that develop when lives are on the line. The men and women on the nursing staff not only work hard, they play hard too. They're not always saints some days they are cranky, disillusioned, angry or frustrated. The strength and appeal of the series lies in its focus on a group of diverse characters who are instantly easy to relate to: we share their friendships and their relationships. Humour is crucial in such an intense environment, and the overall atmosphere of the series is warm and upbeat, with a strong feel-good factor. Interwoven with the frenetic pace and high-octane drama of life on a hospital ward are the more personal stories of a hugely compelling cast of characters who will be instantly engaging to viewers all over the world.::Libby Tanner Heaven