---
layout: post
title: "Immortals"
description: "Eons after the Gods won their mythic struggle against the Titans, a new evil threatens the land. Mad with power, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) has declared war against humanity. Amassing a bloodthirsty army of soldiers disfigured by his own hand, Hyperion has scorched Greece in search of the legendary Epirus Bow, a weapon of unimaginable power forged in the heavens by Ares (Daniel Sharman). Only he who possesses this bow can unleash.."
img: 1253864.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Drama,Fantasy,Romance]
tags: Action Drama Fantasy Romance 
language: English
year: 2011
imdb_rating: 6.0
votes: 158559
imdb_id: 1253864
netflix_id: 81026095
color: 774936
---
Director: `Tarsem Singh`  

Cast: `Henry Cavill` `Mickey Rourke` `Stephen Dorff` `Freida Pinto` `Luke Evans` 

Eons after the Gods won their mythic struggle against the Titans, a new evil threatens the land. Mad with power, King Hyperion (Mickey Rourke) has declared war against humanity. Amassing a bloodthirsty army of soldiers disfigured by his own hand, Hyperion has scorched Greece in search of the legendary Epirus Bow, a weapon of unimaginable power forged in the heavens by Ares (Daniel Sharman). Only he who possesses this bow can unleash the Titans, who have been imprisoned deep within the walls of Mount Tartaros since the dawn of time and thirst for revenge. In the King's hands, the bow would rain destruction upon mankind and annihilate the Gods. But ancient law dictates the Gods must not intervene in man's conflict. They remain powerless to stop Hyperion, until a peasant named Theseus (Henry Cavill) comes forth as their only hope. Secretly chosen by Zeus (Luke Evans), Theseus must save his people from Hyperion and his hordes. Rallying a band of fellow outsiders, including visionary Priestess Phaedra (Freida Pinto) and cunning slave Stavros (Stephen Dorff), one hero will lead the uprising, or watch his homeland fall into ruin and his Gods vanish into legend.