---
layout: post
title: "Parker"
description: "Parker is a thief who has an unusual code. He doesn't steal from the poor and hurt innocent people. He is asked to join four other guys on a job. They pull it off flawlessly. They tell Parker that what they got can help them set up another job which will net them much more. But Parker doesn't want to join them and asks for his share. But they need it all so they try to kill him. They dispose of his body but someone finds him--he is still alive--and takes him to the hospital. After recovering he sets out to get back at the ones who tried t.."
img: 1904996.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Crime,Thriller]
tags: Action Crime Thriller 
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 6.2
votes: 111289
imdb_id: 1904996
netflix_id: 70241754
color: 5e503f
---
Director: `Taylor Hackford`  

Cast: `Jason Statham` `Jennifer Lopez` `Michael Chiklis` `Wendell Pierce` `Clifton Collins Jr.` 

A principled thief seeks vengeance against the gang of criminals who left him for dead following a major heist as author Donald E. Westlake's pulp anti-hero returns to the screen under the assured direction of Hollywood veteran Taylor Hackford (The Devil's Advocate, Ray). When veteran thief Hurley (Nick Nolte) assembles a crackerjack crew for a big heist at the Ohio State Fair, his fiercely independent protege Parker (Jason Statham) is the perfect man to take the lead on the job. Together with Melander (Michael Chiklis), Ross (Clifton Collins Jr.), Hardwicke (Micah Hauptman), and Carlson (Wendell Pierce), Parker successfully pulls off a daring daytime heist that nets the crew more than $1 million. But when Parker respectfully declines Melander's offer to invest their take in an ambitious diamond heist with a massive potential payday, he is unceremoniously shot and left for dead. Unfortunately for Melander and his gang, Parker is still very much alive, and he's determined to have his revenge. With the help of Hurley and Hurley's daughter Claire (Emma Booth), Parker manages to learn that the heist will take place in West Palm Beach, FL, and he travels there to pose as a wealthy Texan seeking to purchase a new home. Meanwhile, astute real-estate agent Leslie Rodgers (Jennifer Lopez) quickly sees through Parker's game and asks to get a cut of the action. Now a team, Parker and Leslie figure out that the gang is planning to hit a high-profile jewelry auction. All they have to do is wait until Melander and his men have pulled off the heist. Once the jewels are secure and the thieves are lying low at a local house, the stage will be set for Parker to take his revenge and make a small fortune in the process.