---
layout: post
title: "Bobby Robson: More Than a Manager"
description: "In the summer of 1995, Bobby Robson was diagnosed with cancer and given just months to live. Miraculously, in less than a year, Robson was managing the legendary F.C .Barcelona - motto 'More Than a Club'. But Bobby Robson was more than a manager. The miner's son from County Durham played for his country. When he transformed Ipswich into European winners it was clear his real talent lay in coaching. Fearless, his gift was to be at his best when the worst threatened. Via the Hand of God, Gazza's tear.."
img: 6864864.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Documentary,Sport]
tags: Documentary Sport 
language: English
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 8.2
votes: 2479
imdb_id: 6864864
netflix_id: 81018536
color: 513b56
---
Director: `Gabriel Clarke` `Torquil Jones`  

Cast: `Pep Guardiola` `Gary Lineker` `Alan Shearer` `José Mourinho` `Ronaldo` 

In the summer of 1995, Bobby Robson was diagnosed with cancer and given just months to live. Miraculously, in less than a year, Robson was managing the legendary F.C .Barcelona - motto 'More Than a Club'. But Bobby Robson was more than a manager. The miner's son from County Durham played for his country. When he transformed Ipswich into European winners it was clear his real talent lay in coaching. Fearless, his gift was to be at his best when the worst threatened. Via the "Hand of God", Gazza's tears, England's greatest World Cup abroad to titles in Europe's top leagues, including a Barcelona treble, Robson overcame the most extreme challenges before a career like no other came full circle when he returned to 'save' his beloved Newcastle United. Many of today's great managers owe their rise to Robson; a daring coach who could spot genius and help it grow. Starring an A-list cast (Mourinho, Guardiola, Ronaldo, Gascoigne, Shearer, Lineker, Sir Alex Ferguson) never-before-seen archive and emotional testimony from Lady Elsie Robson, this is the definitive portrait of one sport's most inspirational, influential figures - whose legacy lives on far beyond the football field. A pioneer, mentor, and game-changer. Bobby Robson #MoreThanAManager.::Anonymous