---
layout: post
title: "Tag"
description: "Childhood friends Jerry (Jeremy Renner), Callahan (Jon Hamm), Randy (Jake Johnson), Sable (Hannibal Buress) and Hoagie (Ed Helms) have been competing in the same game of tag for 30 years. When Jerry gets married, he attempts to retire from the intense annual game without ever being it, causing the other four to band together and go to extreme lengths to finally tag him. Directed by Jeff Tomsic. Inspired by the Wall Street Journal article It Takes Planning, Caution to Avoid Being It..."
img: 2854926.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy]
tags: Comedy 
language: English
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 6.5
votes: 108066
imdb_id: 2854926
netflix_id: 80231259
color: c44536
---
Director: `Jeff Tomsic`  

Cast: `Ed Helms` `Lil Rel Howery` `Jon Hamm` `Annabelle Wallis` `Jake Johnson` 

Hogan "Hoagie" Malloy, Bob Callahan, Randy "Chilli" Cilliano, Kevin Sable and Jerry Pierce have been playing tag since they were nine years old, starting in 1983, during the month of May. Since then, the group's main rule of the game is that the last one tagged is "it," until next season. With Hoagie having been the last one tagged in the previous year, he first recruits Bob, the CEO of an insurance company, and then Chilli and Kevin for one last attempt to tag Jerry, who has seemingly never been tagged because of his strong athleticism and intelligence. Hoagie tells them that Jerry plans to retire after this year's game because of his upcoming marriage. Rebecca Crosby, a Wall Street Journal reporter doing a piece on Bob, joins them and decides to write an article on the friends. They are also accompanied by Hoagie's wife Anna. Once they arrive at their hometown of Spokane, Washington, they locate Jerry at the local country club where he will be getting married, but they are overwhelmed by Jerry's skill. Jerry then introduces his fiancee Susan. As the others express disappointment over not being invited to the wedding despite their close relationship, Jerry knew he would almost certainly be tagged or at least targeted during the ceremonies. They agree to not play the game at any wedding-related events in exchange for invitations to the wedding. Despite this, the group makes several attempts to tag Jerry both before and right after wedding-related events..