---
layout: post
title: "Amar, Akbar and Anthony"
description: "A ex-convict must flee his mob boss, leaving his family to fend for themselves. His wife goes blind and his children are abandoned. They are adopted by a Hindu policeman, a Muslim tailor, and a Catholic priest. The Hindu-raised son becomes a policeman in his turn; his Muslim-raised brother becomes a singer; and the last son, played by Amitabh, becomes a happy-go-lucky Catholic who lives on the edge of the law. The boys meet again and their lives .."
img: 0075669.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Comedy,Drama,Family]
tags: Action Comedy Drama Family 
year: 1977
imdb_rating: 7.5
votes: 6942
imdb_id: 0075669
netflix_id: 247747
color: 5e503f
---
Director: `Manmohan Desai`  

Cast: `Vinod Khanna` `Rishi Kapoor` `Amitabh Bachchan` `Shabana Azmi` `Neetu Singh` 

The Chauffeur of Robert, Kishanlal, takes the blame for him, and pleads guilty for rash driving resulting in death, and is sentenced. Kishanlal had undertaken to do this only when Robert promised that he will look after his family, consisting of wife, Bharti, and three sons, Amar, Raju, and Chhotey. When Kishanlal completes his jail term and returns home, he is shocked to find his family living a destitute life, his wife is seriously ill, and his children have not been fed for several days. His attempts to get some compensation from Robert are in vain, so he steals his vehicle and runs for it. When he reaches home, he finds a suicide note from Bharti. He picks up his three children, and drives on until he reaches a statue of Mahatma Gandhi. He asks his sons to look after each other, and he will be back soon. Kishanlal drives the stolen car, and is chased by Robert's men. Kishanlal meets with an accident, which destroys the car, but he survives. When he regains his senses he finds that the trunk of the car had contained a box of gold bars. He picks these up, and runs to where he had left his sons behind. Alas, his sons are no longer there. Kishan re-establishes himself as a rich man, and continues to look for his children. Bharti, meanwhile meets with an accident, and loses her vision. She thinks that her husband and children all perished in the vehicle accident. The children are all separated, Amar is picked up and adopted by a Hindu Police Inspector Khanna; Chhotey is picked up by a Catholic Priest; while Raju is picked by a Ilahabadi, a Muslim tailor. Will Kishan and Bharti ever meet again in their life, and/or be reunited with their sons?::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)