---
layout: post
title: "Hera Pheri"
description: "Baburao is a landlord in India, who is very near-sighted, and always in financial trouble. He has a tenant named Raja, who has not paid his rent for several months. He also has anther tenant named Shyam, who has come to the city to look for a job in his late father's place, but is unable to find employment. The three men quarrel amongst themselves frequently. Then one day, the three men get a phone call from a kidnapper named Kabira, and decide to make use of this phone call to overcome their financial problems - pretend to be the real kidnap.."
img: 0242519.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Comedy,Crime,Drama]
tags: Action Comedy Crime Drama 
year: 2000
imdb_rating: 8.2
votes: 54493
imdb_id: 0242519
netflix_id: 20765027
color: 2c6e49
---
Director: `Priyadarshan`  

Cast: `Akshay Kumar` `Sunil Shetty` `Paresh Rawal` `Tabu` `Om Puri` 

Ghanshyam "Shyam" (Sunil Shetty) comes to Bombay from a small village to claim a job with a bank that employed his late father, Sunderlal, who was killed while the bank caught fire several years. According to rules and regulations, the bank must hire him in his father's place. Competing with him is the daughter of yet another employee, who was also killed in the fire, Anuradha Shivshankar Panikar (Tabu). Shyam rooms with a myopic but kind-hearted garage owner, Baburao Apte (Paresh Rawal), who has also rented another of his rooms' to Raju (Akshaye Kumar), who dreams of making it big in the city but is currently broke and unable to pay rent for several months now. Shyam has come to the city so that he can return Rs.35000/- he borrowed from Kharak Singh (Om Puri), who in turn needs the money to get his sister married. Baburao needs money to pay off his debtors. And to add to this chaos, Baburao keeps on getting a series of wrong numbers on his telephone, asking for Deviprasad. One day he gets a call from Kabira (Gulshan Grover) who demands a ransom from Baburao, thinking it is Deviprasad (Kulbhushand Kharbanada). The trio decide to "liase" between the victim's dad and the kidnappers, and keep some of the money for themselves. Murphy's Law prevails, and things get even more hilariously chaotic, as the trio are on the run from Kabeera; the police; more wrong numbers; and Kharak Singh.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)