---
layout: post
title: "Teen Wolf"
description: "Scott McCall was just another kid in high school. Until, one night his best friend Stiles brings him to the woods, to look for a dead body, and Scott is bitten by a werewolf. Being a werewolf came with its perks- stronger, faster, new star in the lacrosse team, popularity- but also made it hard to control his anger. Scott has also fallen for the new girl in town, Allison, whose dad is trying to hunt and .."
img: 1567432.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Action,Drama,Fantasy,Romance,Thriller]
tags: Action Drama Fantasy Romance Thriller 
language: English
year: 2011
imdb_rating: 7.6
votes: 122003
imdb_id: 1567432
netflix_id: 70219484
color: F4A261
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Tyler Posey` `Holland Roden` `Dylan O'Brien` `Linden Ashby` `JR Bourne` 

Scott McCall and his best friend Stiles Stilinski go out into the woods to find a dead body. Until Stiles is sent home by his cop dad, leaving Scott in the woods alone to get bitten by a Wearwolf. Scott must find a way to control the shift before he hurts the ones he loves and Stiles helps him until they meet Dereck Hale whose family died in a fire. Dereck was born a wolf, so he teaches Scott how to control the shift, even on the full moon. Scott must also face the challenges that come ahead. Who bit him? Will his girlfriend Allison Argent find out what he is? How to avoid Allison's father whom is a hunter that kills werewolves? Is Allison like her Father? Does the one that bit him want him to hurt his loved ones? Is there a cure? Scott and Stiles will find out throughout the season. But being a Werewolf does come with its perks. Like... -Strength -Power -Speed -Popularity -Star of the Lacrosse Team -The Girl. But it also comes with its Downfalls, -New Enemies -People asking Questions -Controlling The shift during anger or the full moon. Stakes are getting higher and developing more problems as the seasons go by in this Romantic Drama Action Thriller takes place.::Chloe Wickert