---
layout: post
title: "Lucky: No Time for Love"
description: "Mr. Sekhri is the Indian Ambassador in Russia, and his Chief Assistant is Mr. Negi. Sekhri is widowed with a son named Aditya, while Negi is married and has brought his wife, Anjali, and two daughters, Lucky and Dhara, with him to Russia. One day while going to school, Lucky's bicycle has a flat tire, and she ends up being molested by a young Russian. She manages to escape and hide in a parked car, and the molester is chased away by the.."
img: 0449306.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Musical,Drama,Romance]
tags: Musical Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2005
imdb_rating: 4.7
votes: 3148
imdb_id: 0449306
netflix_id: 70040076
color: 114b5f
---
Director: `Radhika Rao` `Vinay Sapru`  

Cast: `Salman Khan` `Sneha Ullal` `Mithun Chakraborty` `Kader Khan` `Navni Parihar` 

Mr. Sekhri is the Indian Ambassador in Russia, and his Chief Assistant is Mr. Negi. Sekhri is widowed with a son named Aditya, while Negi is married and has brought his wife, Anjali, and two daughters, Lucky and Dhara, with him to Russia. One day while going to school, Lucky's bicycle has a flat tire, and she ends up being molested by a young Russian. She manages to escape and hide in a parked car, and the molester is chased away by the car's owner - who is none other than Aditya. Unaware of his "cargo", Aditya drives the car to meet his father, until he is stopped at a check-post. That's when he finds out that Lucky is on board. Then terrorists strike out with bombs and guns, and chaos breaks lose, the telephone lines are down, and there is no electricity. Aditya and Lucky manage to escape and hide in an isolated graveyard. Meanwhile, Sekhri and Negi recruit a private investigator, retired Colonel Pindi Das Kapoor, to locate their children, which he agrees to do so. Before he can locate them, Aditya finds out that Lucky has consumed contaminated water, is poisoned, and with communications down - looks like Lucky's luck has finally run out.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)