---
layout: post
title: "Gossip Girl"
description: "Gossip Girl follows the lives of privileged teenagers on the upper east side. Serena Van Der Woodsen is a blonde and beautiful socialite. Everyone knows Serena. Blair Waldorf is Serena's best friend but it's always about Serena not Blair. Nate Archibald is Blair's boyfriend but ever since Serena came back from boarding school Nate has been acting strange. Chuck Bass is a rich and arrogant person. Daniel Humphrey, a lonely boy from Brooklyn, NY, who nobody knows. Follow the lives of this guilty pleasure show..."
img: 0397442.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Drama,Romance]
tags: Drama Romance 
language: English
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 7.4
votes: 148391
imdb_id: 0397442
netflix_id: 70143811
color: 264653
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Blake Lively` `Leighton Meester` `Penn Badgley` `Chace Crawford` `Ed Westwick` 

Welcome to New York's Upper East side where the wealthy and connected mingle at benefits and try to deal with their always dramatic love lives, not to mention picking colleges. Blair Waldorf is the so-called toast of adolescence in her world; she and her friends, Kati Farkas and Isabel Coates, go to a prep school and fancy parties with their rich parents. Blair is envied by her adversaries because she is thought to have the perfect life, not just because of her gorgeous boyfriend, Nate Archibald, but because she's also planning on getting into her dream college, Yale. With everyone worried about college(or procrastinating on worrying, which everyone seems to be doing), and junior year dragging along, her seemingly perfect life is interrupted by her ex-best friend, the beautiful Serena van der Woodsen, coming back into town after getting kicked out of boarding school. Serena comes back into her life, and into the eyes of Blair's boy friend. When everything Blair knows starts to fall apart, everyone will realize that her life is far from perfect. Will life in the the Upper East Side redeem itself of what it's really supposed to be? Or will the false facade reveal that the rich have the same problems as the not so rich (Jenny and Dan Humphrey), if not more. And just maybe Jenny and Dan are all the more happy with their simple, not so expectant lives.::Jessica Cymerman