---
layout: post
title: "Basic Instinct"
description: "A former rock star, Johnny Boz, is brutally killed during sex, and the case is assigned to detective Nick Curran of the SFPD. During the investigation, Nick meets Catherine Tramell, a crime novelist who was Boz's girlfriend when he died. Catherine proves to be a very clever and manipulative woman, and though Nick is more or less convinced that she murdered Boz, he is unable to find any evidence. Later, when Ni.."
img: 0103772.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Mystery,Thriller]
tags: Drama Mystery Thriller 
language: English
year: 1992
imdb_rating: 7.0
votes: 168338
imdb_id: 0103772
netflix_id: 286139
color: 513b56
---
Director: `Paul Verhoeven`  

Cast: `Michael Douglas` `Sharon Stone` `George Dzundza` `Jeanne Tripplehorn` `Denis Arndt` 

Nick Curran is in charge of the investigation of a brutal murder of a rock star, who has been killed using an ice pick. All the evidence points to a beautiful woman, Catherine, as the main suspect of the crime. Catherine is a psychologist and she's written one crime novel, a story in which a similar crime is described. Curran goes to Catherine's house to interrogate her about the victim and what happened that night. Apparently, Catherine was a formal lover of the musician and she even spent that night with him, but she claims to have not killed him. Nick feels attracted immediately to Catherine, but she's a quite intelligent woman who manages to avoid his questions cleverly, using her physical attributes and seductive personality. Catherine has a romantic relationship with another woman, but that won't be an obstacle for Nick, who everyday seems to be much more interested in her. But Nick's been checked by a psychologist, Beth, who was his girlfriend in the past, because the detective had an alcohol problem. But the sexual attraction that Nick feels for Catherine, seems to provoke the problem again. Nick becomes Catherine's lover, a fact that threatens to hinder the investigation and puts in danger his life, discovering a wild sexuality never experimented before. Nick's convinced that Catherine is innocent, but maybe love and sex are blinding him in his way of unfolding the truth.::Alejandro Frias