---
layout: post
title: "The Notebook"
description: "In a nursing home, resident Duke reads a romance story to an old woman who has senile dementia with memory loss. In the late 1930s, wealthy seventeen year-old Allie Hamilton is spending summer vacation in Seabrook. Local worker Noah Calhoun meets Allie at a carnival and they soon fall in love with each other. One day, Noah brings Allie to an ancient house that he dreams of buying and restoring and they attempt to make love but get interrupted by their friend. Allie's parents do not approve of their romance since Noah belongs to another social class, and they move to New Yor.."
img: 0332280.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Romance]
tags: Drama Romance 
language: English
year: 2004
imdb_rating: 7.8
votes: 506048
imdb_id: 0332280
netflix_id: 60036227
color: 533747
---
Director: `Nick Cassavetes`  

Cast: `Tim Ivey` `Gena Rowlands` `Starletta DuPois` `James Garner` `Anthony-Michael Q. Thomas` 

In a care facility, Duke, a resident, has to get permission to read to fellow resident, Ms. Hamilton, on a daily basis, as Ms. Hamilton's health is deteriorating, she who has Alzheimer's. The story is always the same one, which he reads out of his notebook, and which she sometimes remembers that she has heard before, is captivated by but cannot remember how it turns out. It details the love affair between Noah and Allie beginning in 1940 in Seabrook Island, South Carolina, when Allie was seventeen and on the brink of her college life, most-likely at Sarah Lawrence. Their relationship was improbable because of their differing social classes and outlooks which led to their relationship being characterized by constant arguments with each other out of their passion. While Noah was a carefree and working class local who had a 40-cent/hour job at a lumber yard, Allie was from a privileged family, her mother who grew up in Seabrook Island and where they were staying only for the summer. There were many obstacles to a Noah/Allie happy ending, most specifically WWII and her parents, especially her mother, who did not approve of the relationship and did whatever she could to end it. That happy Noah/ Allie ending is not a guarantee due to these obstacles. As the story progresses and as the daily realities of present day occur, the reason why Duke feels the need to tell Ms. Hamilton the story and what he hopes she gets out of it become more and more evident.::Huggo