---
layout: post
title: "Glee"
description: "When high school Spanish teacher Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) becomes the director of the school's failing Glee club, New Directions, he hopes to be able to rejuvenate it. The club competes in the choir competition circuit. It's been called a High School Musical for adults, the series follows the club and its mixture of oddball members as they try and restore it to its former glory. It is a musical comedy in .."
img: 1327801.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Music,Musical]
tags: Comedy Drama Music Musical 
language: English
year: 2009
imdb_rating: 6.7
votes: 133406
imdb_id: 1327801
netflix_id: 70143843
color: 004643
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Chris Colfer` `Jane Lynch` `Lea Michele` `Matthew Morrison` `Kevin McHale` 

McKinley High School, in Lima, Ohio, is forever changed when Spanish teacher Will Schuester (Matthew Morrison) revives the school's show choir. As Will begins to recruit members for his dancing and singing Glee Club, he realizes that his ragtag group of high school outcasts could become a sensation. The students who take a chance on Glee Club soon become life-long friends as they battle school humiliation, heartbreak, loneliness, and bullying. When Glee Club proves to be very good and talented, the school's cheerleading coach, Sue Sylvester (Jane Lynch), takes it upon herself to destroy the club and everyone involved with it. As Glee Club is thrown numerous challenges by the high school popular kids, rivalling show choirs, and Sue, Will won't give up on the budding student stars. Will faces phenomenal stress levels as he deals with one of his students, Kurt Hummel (Chris Colfer), being mercilessly bullied, trying to meet the diva that is Rachel Berry's (Lea Michele's) high demands, mentoring football jock Finn Hudson (Cory Montieth) (who is confused by all the elements of his life), two of his students dealing with teen pregnancy, and desperately trying to fix his toxic marriage. Through all of this drama, Glee Club must win their competitions if they want to continue existing. The show also focused on the McKinley alumni after graduation; following Kurt and Rachel navigating the scary streets of New York City, the other graduates scrambling to make it big in California, and Will, who tries to get a second generation of Glee Clubbers. This show explored the ups and downs of high school life and love while emphasizing the importance of equality in schools and the world, and also sharing light on the countless problems that face students and school faculty today.