---
layout: post
title: "Brothers"
description: "Before leaving on his second tour in Afghanistan, Marine Captain Sam Cahill, a leader, an athlete, a good husband and father, welcomes his screw-up brother Tommy home from prison. He'd robbed a bank. In country, Sam's helicopter is shot down and all are presumed dead. Back home, while Sam wastes away as a prisoner in a remote encampment, Tommy tries to take care of the widow and her two children. While imprisoned, Sam experiences horrors unbearable, so when he's rescued and returns home, he's silent, detached, without affect, and he's convinced his wife and brother h.."
img: 0765010.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Drama,Thriller,War]
tags: Action Drama Thriller War 
language: English
year: 2009
imdb_rating: 7.1
votes: 109023
imdb_id: 0765010
netflix_id: 81039657
color: 004643
---
Director: `Jim Sheridan`  

Cast: `Tobey Maguire` `Jake Gyllenhaal` `Natalie Portman` `Sam Shepard` `Mare Winningham` 

US Marine Captain Sam Cahill is well respected, not only by his colleagues but also by his family, especially his ex-Marine father, Hank Cahill. Although he is also loved by his family - his high school sweetheart wife Grace, and their two young daughters, Isabelle and Maggie - they, Isabelle in particular, do not like his frequent absences. Coinciding with the imminent and only latest of his deployments to Afghanistan is the release from prison of his brother, Tommy Cahill. Grace does not much like Tommy, and Hank feels Tommy has not earned his respect, which does not change by Tommy's actions post-prison. Shortly into this tour of duty, the Cahills learn that Sam has been killed in action. Largely because of Grace's grief, Tommy finally comes to the realization that he needs to become a responsible adult, filling the role vacated by Sam in more ways than one. In their mutual grief, Tommy and Grace fall into each others arms - which does not go any farther than a single kiss - and the girls see in their Uncle Tommy the father that they don't have in Sam, namely one who is constantly present in their lives. This new life changes when they all learn that Sam was not killed, but was taken captive in Afghanistan and now rescued. Sam's return leads to a difficult transition for all concerned, not only because of Grace and the family having settled into a life without him and with Tommy, but also because of the trauma experienced by Sam in Afghanistan in relation to how he sees Grace and Tommy together.::Huggo