---
layout: post
title: "Lucy"
description: "It was supposed to be a simple job. All Lucy had to do was deliver a mysterious briefcase to Mr. Jang. But immediately Lucy is caught up in a nightmarish deal where she is captured and turned into a drug mule for a new and powerful synthetic drug. When the bag she is carrying inside of her stomach leaks, Lucy's body undergoes unimaginable changes that begins to unlock her mind's full potential. With her new-found powers, Lucy turns into a merciless warrior intent on getting back at her captors. She receives invaluable help from Professor Norman, the leading autho.."
img: 2872732.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Sci-Fi,Thriller]
tags: Action Sci-Fi Thriller 
year: 2014
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 432368
imdb_id: 2872732
netflix_id: 70307658
color: 472d30
---
Director: `Luc Besson`  

Cast: `Scarlett Johansson` `Morgan Freeman` `Min-sik Choi` `Amr Waked` `Julian Rhind-Tutt` 

Lucy, a young American woman living in Taipei, knows that she's in trouble when her casual boyfriend of a few weeks, Richard, a man she doesn't really know well, handcuffs a locked briefcase, contents unknown, to her wrist, forcing her to deliver it to a Mr. Jang in his swanky hotel suite. A scared Lucy quickly learns that Mr. Jang is a drug kingpin who is not averse to killing anyone in carrying out his work. That encounter with Mr. Jang leads to Lucy being forced to act as one of his drug mules, specifically of a powerful, synthetic drug called CPH4. Things start to change for Lucy when she inadvertently absorbs a high dose of CPH4 into her system, leading to several physiological changes to her self, most notably in that she begins to use more and more of her cerebral matter than the usual ten percent of most humans. As Lucy becomes more and more aware of everything around her - a result of the drug - she embarks on two concurrent paths, one being to get back at Mr. Jang and his associates for what they've done to her, including the torture they've inflicted on her. But the other path may trump the first, that second path which includes retrieving the CPH4 from the three other drug mules. It also involves Dr. Samuel Norman, arguably the foremost evolutionary theorist, and Paris Police Captain Pierre Del Rio, the later her touchstone to humanity, that need for a touchstone which becomes more and more important as she approaches her end goal.::Huggo