---
layout: post
title: "Life of An Outcast"
description: "Life Of An Outcast', as the name suggests is the story of a Dalit family and his struggle against caste oppression. The story revolves around the protagonist, a Dalit man of about 50 years old. In the very beginning of the movie he is seen cycling through the village roads visibly tired in his thoughts and middle aged body. It seems as if he is working after many years. Further through the story it gets revealed in a flashback that he was exiled from the village for marrying of his own choice and refusing to send.."
img: 8372520.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama]
tags: Drama 
language: Hindi
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 6.0
votes: 26
imdb_id: 8372520
netflix_id: 81051693
color: 7c616c
---
Director: `Pawan k Shrivastava`  

Cast: `Ravi Sah` `Shalini Mohan` `Bhaskar Jha` `Manohar Pandey` `Siddharth Bhardwaj` 

Life Of An Outcast', as the name suggests is the story of a Dalit family and his struggle against caste oppression. The story revolves around the protagonist, a Dalit man of about 50 years old. In the very beginning of the movie he is seen cycling through the village roads visibly tired in his thoughts and middle aged body. It seems as if he is working after many years. Further through the story it gets revealed in a flashback that he was exiled from the village for marrying of his own choice and refusing to send his newly wed to the upper caste's house for her first night. Now the family is living on the outskirts of the village. Then he recalls his life ahead where his son was not allowed to study English in school because of being a Dalit. He had still motivated him to study hard. In his final memory back through his life, he remembers how his son was jailed by for not writing 'Om' at the top of the blackboard and teaching his students rationality over religion in a school headed by upper castes where he was teaching Maths. The protagonist is a simple uneducated man and cycles through the tough situation from his village to the city of Lucknow for three days to earn money and get his son bailed from the jail. The film is built around the nitty gritties and the journey of day to day struggles of an Outcast's life.::Pawan K Shrivastava