---
layout: post
title: "Namastey London"
description: "Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra decided to re-locate to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo, and after a period of 4 years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter she gave birth to Jasmeet. Manmohan was always embarrassed of Bebo, as she was overly healthy and not quite sophisticated, as a result he always left her at home, while he socialized. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end.."
img: 0795434.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Romance]
tags: Comedy Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 7.1
votes: 20291
imdb_id: 0795434
netflix_id: 70062158
color: 2A9D8F
---
Director: `Vipul Amrutlal Shah`  

Cast: `Akshay Kumar` `Katrina Kaif` `Rishi Kapoor` `Clive Standen` `Upen Patel` 

Indian-born Manmohan Malhotra decided to re-locate to London, England, established himself, returned to India, got married to Bebo, and after a period of 4 years got a visa for her so that she could live with him. Shortly thereafter she gave birth to Jasmeet. Manmohan was always embarrassed of Bebo, as she was overly healthy and not quite sophisticated, as a result he always left her at home, while he socialized. Bebo did not want Jasmeet to end up like her, so got her admitted in an English Medium school, encouraged to mingle with Caucasian friends, and as a result Jasmeet was transformed in to Jazz - a stunningly beautiful young woman, British in looks, talk, habits, and heart. Manmohan's plans to get her married to an Indian boy are all in vain. His friend, Parvez Khan, is in a similar situation with his son, Imran, openly romancing a Caucasian blonde, Susan. Manmohan decides to take his family for a tour in India, and ends up getting her married to Arjun Singh. On their return to London, Jasmeet announces that she is getting married to Charles Brown, who is well connected, even with Prince Charles, and refuses to recognize her marriage with Arjun as there is no proof of this wedding. When Jasmeet is introduced to the friends of the Brown family, she is subjected to considerable racial profiling (snake charmers, Indian rope tricks, tandoori chicken) as well as a quote from Winston Churchil to wit: 'When we leave India, the country will be in the hands of goons'. while Imran is asked by Susan's parents to fore-go Islam, become a Christian, change his name to Emmanuel or Ian, as well as provide a written undertaking that his family is not associated with any terrorists. The questions that remain unanswered are: will love prevail ! Between Imran and Susan on one hand, and Jasmeet and Charles on the other? What is the impact of this marriage on Arjun, who now has been demoted from Husband to the Best Man?::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)