---
layout: post
title: "Red Dawn"
description: "The city of Spokane, Washington is awakened by a North Korean paratrooper invasion. Marine Corps veteran Jed Eckert and his civilian brother, Matt, escape with a group of friends to an isolated cabin in the woods, where they witness the execution of their father at the hands of the ruthless Captain Cho. The brothers unite with their friends to form a guerrilla resistance group--the Wolverines--to drive the invaders from their home..."
img: 1234719.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Drama]
tags: Action Drama 
year: 2012
imdb_rating: 5.4
votes: 72447
imdb_id: 1234719
netflix_id: 70127225
color: 2A9D8F
---
Director: `Dan Bradley`  

Cast: `Chris Hemsworth` `Josh Peck` `Josh Hutcherson` `Adrianne Palicki` `Isabel Lucas` 

An introductory montage shows the fallout of the economic crisis in the European Union and a weakened NATO alliance, amid increasing cooperation between an increasingly militant North Korea and ultra-nationalist-controlled Russia. The increased deployment of U.S. troops abroad leaves the mainland vulnerable. U.S. Marine Jed Eckert is home on leave in Spokane, Washington. He reunites with his father, Spokane Police Sergeant Tom Eckert and his brother, football player Matt Eckert. The morning after a mysterious power outage, Jed and Matt are shocked to see swarms of invading North Korean paratroopers and transport aircraft. Their father tells them to flee to their cabin in the woods while he helps the townspeople. They are later joined there by Robert Kitner, Daryl Jenkins, and Pete. Tensions build as the teens try to decide whether to surrender to the invaders or resist, with Pete ending up betraying their position. North Korean soldiers, under the command of Captain Cho, bring Sergeant Eckert and the mayor out to convince the group to surrender; while the mayor persuades the boys to give up, Cho executes Sergeant Eckert after he refuses to cooperate and actively encourages them to resist.