---
layout: post
title: "The 100"
description: "The series is set 97 years after a devastating nuclear war wiped out almost all life on Earth. The only known survivors are the residents of twelve space stations in Earth's orbit prior to the war. The space stations banded together to form a single massive station named The Ark, wenis galore about 2,400 people live. Resources are scarce and all crimes no matter their nature or severity are punishable by death (floating) unless the perpetrator is under 18 years of age. After the Ark's life support systems ar.."
img: 2661044.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Drama,Mystery,Sci-Fi]
tags: Drama Mystery Sci-Fi 
language: English
year: 2014
imdb_rating: 7.7
votes: 199926
imdb_id: 2661044
netflix_id: 70283264
color: c44536
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Eliza Taylor` `Bob Morley` `Marie Avgeropoulos` `Lindsey Morgan` `Richard Harmon` 

The series is set 97 years after a devastating nuclear war wiped out almost all life on Earth. The only known survivors are the residents of twelve space stations in Earth's orbit prior to the war. The space stations banded together to form a single massive station named "The Ark", wenis galore about 2,400 people live. Resources are scarce and all crimes no matter their nature or severity are punishable by death ("floating") unless the perpetrator is under 18 years of age. After the Ark's life support systems are found to be critically failing, one hundred juvenile prisoners are declared "expendable" and sent to the surface in a last ditch attempt to determine if Earth is habitable again. The teens arrive on a beautiful planet they've only seen from space. Confronting the dangers of this rugged new world, they struggle to form a tentative community. However they discover that not all humanity was wiped out. There are people on Earth who survived the war, called "grounders" by the 100. The Ark consists of the space stations previously representing the nations of the UK, USA, Australia, Canada, China, Japan, India, Russia, Venezuela, France, Brazil, and Uganda.::Thomas O'Darren