---
layout: post
title: "Snow White and the Huntsman"
description: "Snow White, imprisoned daughter of the late king, escapes just as the Magic Mirror declares her the source of the Evil Queen's immortality. The Queen sends her men, led by a local huntsman, to bring her back. But upon her capture, the huntsman finds he's being played and turns against the Queen's men, saving Snow White in the process. Meanwhile, Snow's childhood friend, William, learns that she is alive and sets o.."
img: 1735898.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Drama,Fantasy]
tags: Action Adventure Drama Fantasy 
year: 2012
imdb_rating: 6.1
votes: 268864
imdb_id: 1735898
netflix_id: 70217912
color: 4ecdc4
---
Director: `Rupert Sanders`  

Cast: `Kristen Stewart` `Chris Hemsworth` `Charlize Theron` `Sam Claflin` `Sam Spruell` 

Once upon a time, King Magnus and his Queen have a beautiful daughter, Snow White, who is raised with her best friend William. When the Queen passes away, the King grieves her death but has to fight against a dark invader army. He rescues a beautiful prisoner, Ravenna, and on the next day he marries her. On the wedding night, Ravenna stabs King Magnus in the chest and brings the enemy army led by her brother Finn that destroys the King's army. Ravenna imprisons Snow White in the Northern Tower of the castle while William, his father The Duke and a few survivors escape from the castle. Years later, the kingdom is completely depleted and Queen Ravenna, who is an evil witch, keeps her beauty by draining the youth of young ladies. When the Magic Mirror tells that Snow White would be the source of her immortality, she asks Finn to bring the princess to her. However, Snow White escapes and flees to the Dark Forest. Queen Ravenna brings a Huntsman that misses his wife and she promises to bring her back to life provided he catches and brings Snow White to her. But when he captures Snow White, he discovers that the evil Queen lied to him and he becomes the protector of the princess. Meanwhile William learns that Snow White is alive and he heads to join Finn's men to meet her. The Huntsman and Snow White meet the eight dwarfs that bring them to the magic Fairytale Land. When they are attacked by Finn and his men, William also finds them and the group heads to the Duke's castle with the intention of beginning an uprising against the evil Ravenna.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil