---
layout: post
title: "Ordinary People"
description: "Beth, Calvin, and their son Conrad are living in the aftermath of the death of the other son. Conrad is overcome by grief and misplaced guilt to the extent of a suicide attempt. He is in therapy. Beth had always preferred his brother and is having difficulty being supportive to Conrad. Calvin is trapped between the two trying to hold the family together..."
img: 0081283.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama]
tags: Drama 
language: English
year: 1980
imdb_rating: 7.7
votes: 45562
imdb_id: 0081283
netflix_id: 80141777
color: F4A261
---
Director: `Robert Redford`  

Cast: `Donald Sutherland` `Mary Tyler Moore` `Judd Hirsch` `Timothy Hutton` `M. Emmet Walsh` 

In Illinois, the upper-middle-class family Jarrett is living a trauma in their lives, with the loss of their beloved son Buck followed by the attempt of suicide of his younger brother Conrad. Conrad's father Calvin is a good man of few words and his mother Beth is a cold-hearted woman that loved Buck and has always been bitter and never supported Conrad, who is under therapy with Dr. Berger. The greatest concern of Beth is to live her perfect life, denying affection to her son. Conrad blames himself for the death of his brother since they were sailing in a bad weather and when one string jammed in the block, he was not able to release it, capsizing the boat. Conrad has difficulties to reestablish his relationship with his friend and quits the swimming team of his school. When Conrad meets Karen, who was interned with him in the same psychiatric clinic also for attempt suicide, he feels better. And when he dates the gorgeous student from the choir Jeannine, he begins to see the world with other eyes. But his problem of relationship with his mother associated to the death of Karen, who committed suicide, brings him back to the rock bottom and he runs to meet Dr. Berger. Will the psychiatrist succeed in helping Conrad?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil