---
layout: post
title: "The Mummy Returns"
description: "Many years ago, in Ancient Egypt, the Scorpion King led a menacing army, but when he sold his soul to Anubis, he was erased from history. Now he is only a myth...or is he? Rick and Evelyn O'Connell are still discovering new artifacts, along with their 8 year old son Alex. They discover the Bracelet of Anubis. But someone else is after the bracelet. High Priest Imhotep has been brought back from the dead once again and wants the bracelet, to control the Scorpion King's army. That's not the only problem. Imhotep now has Alex and with the .."
img: 0209163.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Fantasy,Thriller]
tags: Action Adventure Fantasy Thriller 
year: 2001
imdb_rating: 6.3
votes: 295970
imdb_id: 0209163
netflix_id: 60020549
color: 495867
---
Director: `Stephen Sommers`  

Cast: `Brendan Fraser` `Rachel Weisz` `John Hannah` `Arnold Vosloo` `Oded Fehr` 

Another legend. Another monster. Another quest for the world! The Scorpion King. A legendary warrior who sold his soul to Anubis was erased from record in the ancient kingdom. His existence was lost to the sands, preserved only in mythology. But there is truth to the myth. In the desert of Ahm Shere, in a golden pyramid, sleeps the Scorpion King. And he, or whomsoever may kill him, may command the demonic and undefeatable Army of Anubis! Ten years after the cursed high-priest Imhotep was resurrected and defeated by Rick O'Connell and Evelyn and Jonathon Carnahan, he is resurrected once again by a mysterious woman Meela armed with the knowledge of centuries! Together, Imhotep and Meela have one goal: Defeat the Scorpion King and use his army to destroy mankind! Meanwhile, Rick and his wife, Evelyn, are busy raising their son, Alex. On the Egyptian New Year, Evie begins having dreams about ancient Egypt, which lead her straight to the Bracelet of Anubis. Meela's henchmem come for it, but Ardeth Bey appears as well. Ardeth explains the legend, the mythos, and the problem. Now it becomes a race against time to get to Ahm Shere. Will Rick defeat the Scorpion King and send the Army back to the underworld? Or will Imhotep do so and rule the world? Or worse... Is the Scorpion King so powerful that he cannot be defeated, and he himself will raise the Army for global victory?::Maxamillian King