---
layout: post
title: "Life in a Metro"
description: "The lives of a group of people, who live in Mumbai are told in this tale, which revolves around Rahul - who occupies an apartment owned by his uncle, and lets rich and influential people use it for their personal sexual past-times. An ignored and angry young wife, Shikha falls into the arms of a young man named Akash, who wants to be an actor for Indian movies; then there is Shikha's sister, Shruti, who is having an affair with .."
img: 0800956.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Romance]
tags: Comedy Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 7.4
votes: 10784
imdb_id: 0800956
netflix_id: 70071832
color: 2c6e49
---
Director: `Anurag Basu`  

Cast: `Dharmendra` `Irrfan Khan` `Konkona Sen Sharma` `Kay Kay Menon` `Shilpa Shetty Kundra` 

Mumbai, the sprawling metropolis, the economic capital of India is synonymous with ambition and a drive for professional success and money-making : something Rahul possesses in ample amounts. Working in a BPO he has found out a sure-shot way to his promotion - the key to his uncle's apartment where he is the house sitter. His colleagues and superiors use the apartment for their sexual escapades and return the favour to Rahul by offering him job incentives and promotions. Rahul loves his colleague Neha, but he's shocked to find out that she is in love with their boss Ranjeet who is a married man and on top of it they use Rahul's apartment for the purpose of their secret dalliance. On the other hand, Ranjeet's married life with Shikha is on the verge of collapse. Unaware of her husband's infidelity, Shikha finds solace in he company of an aspiring actor Akash and their friendship threatens to blossom into a full-fledged affair which might shatter the foundation of Shikha's married life. Meanwhile, Shikha's younger sister Shruti is searching for a suitable groom for herself through marriage portals, and it's then that she meets Monty. She harbours an instant dislike for him but may find out in the course of time that opposites attract, after all. Then there is the story of Shikha's old dance teacher Vaijayanti who is widowed and lives in an old age home and her former love Amol who rekindle their romance in the twilight of their lives, against all odds. The turmoil these relationships go through force these people to make some life-altering decisions.::Soumitra