---
layout: post
title: "Lion"
description: "In 1986, Saroo was a five-year-old child in India of a poor but happy rural family. On a trip with his brother, Saroo soon finds himself alone and trapped in a moving decommissioned passenger train that takes him to Calcutta, 1000 miles away from home. Now totally lost in an alien urban environment and too young to identify either himself or his home to the authorities, Saroo struggles to survive as a street child until he is sent to an orphanage. Soon, Saroo is selected to be adopted by the Brierley fam.."
img: 3741834.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Biography,Drama]
tags: Biography Drama 
language: English
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 8.0
votes: 205634
imdb_id: 3741834
netflix_id: 80108447
color: c44536
---
Director: `Garth Davis`  

Cast: `Sunny Pawar` `Abhishek Bharate` `Priyanka Bose` `Khushi Solanki` `Shankar Nisode` 

In 1986, in Khandwa, India, the 5 year-old boy Saroo lives a very poor but happy life with his mother Kamla, his older brother Guddu and his younger sister Shekila. Kamla works carrying stones during the night shift and Guddu also works in the night in the Central Station. One night, Saroo insists on going with Guddu to his work and does not resist and sleeps. Guddu leaves Saroo sleeping on a bank in the station and asks him to stay there until he returns. However the boy wakes up in the middle of the night and decides to seek out his brother in a train. He sleeps again and he wakes up in Calcutta, West Bengal, and 1,600 km east of Khandwa. Saroo does not speak Bengali, only Hindi, and lives on the street of the big city. One day, a young man brings Saroo to the police station and he is sent of an institution for children. In 1987, Saroo is adopted by an Australian family and moves to Hobart, Tasmania. He is raised with love by his foster parents and one day, he goes to an Indian party promoted by his Indian mates from the university with his girlfriend Lucy. He tells the story of his childhood and triggers the feeling of missing his family. Now Saroo becomes obsessed to find his mother Kamla and his siblings. Will he succeed in his search?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil