---
layout: post
title: "The First Purge"
description: "This horror/action-adventure film from director Gerard McMurray serves as a prequel that recounts events that led up to the first Purge event. To push the crime rate below one percent for the rest of the year, the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA) test a sociological theory that vents aggression for one night in one isolated community..."
img: 6133466.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller]
tags: Action Horror Sci-Fi Thriller 
language: English
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 5.2
votes: 51844
imdb_id: 6133466
netflix_id: 80231521
color: 2c6e49
---
Director: `Gerard McMurray`  

Cast: `Y'lan Noel` `Lex Scott Davis` `Joivan Wade` `Mugga` `Patch Darragh` 

A crazed drug addict named Skeletor talks on camera about his dark thoughts, including his desire to "purge" and unleash his hatred on other people. An unknown voice on the other end of the camera tells Skeletor that he will soon be able to. Sometime in the 21st century, turmoil has caused the government to be overthrown by the New Founding Fathers of America (NFFA). NFFA members Arlo Sabian and Dr. May Updale announce an experiment to take place on Staten Island where for 12 hours, citizens will be allowed to purge and release their inhibitions in any way they choose. The NFFA offers residents of the Island $5000 to stay in their homes during the experiment and a compensation for those participating as well. They also outfit the participants with tracking devices and contact lenses with cameras in them so that they can monitor all activity. Drug lord Dmitri tells his dealers that they will be leaving but drug dealer Capital A wants to stay and purge. Another young drug dealer, Isaiah, gets into a fight with Skeletor and gets his neck cut. Isaiah goes to his sister Nya, an anti-Purge activist and Dimitri's ex-girlfriend, for treatment, and Nya later confronts Dmitri as she believes that Dmitri is Isaiah's drug lord, which he denies..