---
layout: post
title: "Deadline: Sirf 24 Ghante"
description: "Dr. Viren Goenka lives a very wealthy lifestyle in Bombay, along with his wife, Sanjana, and asthma-ridden daughter, Anishka. He has recently been declared 4 of 11 best Cardio surgeons in the world, and is to be felicitated in Delhi, just a few days before Anishka's birthday. In Delhi he is lodged in a five-star hotel, and after the award presentation he is approached by woman, who forces herself in his room, takes out a gun, and informs him that his daughter has been kidnapped, while another kidnapper is holding his wife hostage. Viren is .."
img: 0946999.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Crime,Thriller]
tags: Crime Thriller 
language: Hindi
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 6.3
votes: 540
imdb_id: 0946999
netflix_id: 70059328
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Tanveer Khan`  

Cast: `Rajit Kapoor` `Konkona Sen Sharma` `Jhanak Shukla` `Irrfan Khan` `Sandhya Mridul` 

Dr. Viren Goenka lives a very wealthy lifestyle in Bombay, along with his wife, Sanjana, and asthma-ridden daughter, Anishka. He has recently been declared 4 of 11 best Cardio surgeons in the world, and is to be felicitated in Delhi, just a few days before Anishka's birthday. In Delhi he is lodged in a five-star hotel, and after the award presentation he is approached by woman, who forces herself in his room, takes out a gun, and informs him that his daughter has been kidnapped, while another kidnapper is holding his wife hostage. Viren is soon told via the woman's cell phone that the kidnappers demand is one Crore rupees, which Viren arranges to pay. As soon as he arranges for the money, he is told since necessary medicines had to be provided for his ailing daughter, the demand is now two Crore rupees. A frantic Viran also arranges for this additional amount, but barely an hour later, he is told that the ransom demand is now three Crore rupees. Viren does arrange for the money, after cashing all his savings, and mortgaging his property, and hands over a large suitcase to the woman, who sprays his eyes and makes her getaway. When he returns to Bombay, he meets with his wife and the Police Commissioner, Rana, as his daughter has yet not been released. Amidst the media frenzy outside his residence, Sanjana explains to him why Anishka was kidnapped in the first place, and why the couple will never see their daughter alive again.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)