---
layout: post
title: "Bhagam Bhag"
description: "Champak Seth runs a theater group.Bunty and Babla his lead actors always get into fight for lead role and flirting with the Heroine.Tanjea offers the troupe to perform in London but the lead actress runs away as usual due to fight between Bunty and Babla.Champak Seth tells them the one who first gets the Heroine will be the hero.Bunty meets Munni whose about to commit suicide ans gets her into the group.Bunty and Munni fall in love an after an accident she claims to be Nisha wife of Vikram C.."
img: 0805184.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Mystery,Thriller]
tags: Comedy Mystery Thriller 
language: Hindi
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 10416
imdb_id: 0805184
netflix_id: 70062701
color: 472d30
---
Director: `Priyadarshan`  

Cast: `Akshay Kumar` `Govinda` `Paresh Rawal` `Lara Dutta` `Jackie Shroff` 

Champak Chaturvedi runs a theatrical troupe in India. He hires two men, Bunty - a graduate in Arts, and Babla- who cannot read nor write English. One has to play the role of the play's hero, while one the villain. Both men end up squabbling with each other, as both want the hero's part. Then Champak finds out that Bunty has molested the play's heroine, Anjali, and punishes him. The group gets a contract to stage 30 plays in Britain, however, on the day of the departure, Anjali opts out, leaving Champak no alternative but to travel without a heroine, but hoping to recruit one while in Britain. Upon arrival, Babla sets about to find a suitable heroine from the Indian population, but Bunty beats him to it and recruits a woman named Munni. Babla has his suitcase switched by another containing heroin, and as a result both men end being suspects by the local Police, whose Commissioner is an Indian, J.D. Mehra. Then both Munni and Bunty fall in love with each other. Then Munni has an accident with a vehicle and ends up in a hospital. When she regains her senses, she tells everyone that she is Nisha Chauhan, and is married to Vikram, who lives in Liverpool. Vikram arrives, thanks everyone, and takes his wife, who has suicidal tendencies, home. A few days later, Bunty receives a phone call from a frantic Nisha, who tells him to come over immediately. He, along with Champak and Babla, arrive there to find her body in flames. She is declared dead in hospital. Now the troupe is on the hunt for another heroine for their play - when the unexplainable happens - as Bunty claims that he saw Nisha. No one believes him, but then subsequently a terrified Champak and then a bewildered Babla both claim to have seen her. These sighting hurl the trio in a non-stop chaotic situation involving drug dealers, goons who want revenge, as well as the Police Commissioner himself, who also has a role to play in this comedy of errors and terrors.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)