---
layout: post
title: "Jack the Giant Slayer"
description: "Sent to the market by his uncle to sell their horse and buy thatch for their roof, Jack meets the beautiful Princess Isabelle, whom he rescues from ruffians. He returns home with only a handful of beans given to him by a monk who claimed they were sacred, but that does little to impress his uncle, who tosses them away. In the night, the Princess arrives, having run off to keep herself from marrying Roderick, who is clearly only interested in becoming king. Soon, the beans take root with a giant stalk carrying away the princess and Jack's house. He soon sets off o.."
img: 1351685.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Adventure,Fantasy]
tags: Adventure Fantasy 
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 6.2
votes: 129494
imdb_id: 1351685
netflix_id: 70213512
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Bryan Singer`  

Cast: `Nicholas Hoult` `Eleanor Tomlinson` `Ewan McGregor` `Stanley Tucci` `Eddie Marsan` 

It begins with a young Jack who is captivated by the tale of a race of Giants who come from a land in the sky and came through giant stalks which were sprouted from magic beans. And the giants devoured everyone so Erik the king had a crown made that makes whoever wears it control the giants and he used it to make them leave and he had the giant stalks chopped. Upon his death, he was buried with the crown along with the beans that grew the giant stalks. When Jack turns 18 he is sent to sell their horse and cart. When he goes to the cloister, he runs into a girl who is being harassed. He tells the ones harassing to leave her alone. Later the king's soldiers show up and take the girl away, it seems she's the Princess Isabelle who ran away because her father is telling she has to marry Roderick, one of the his trusted advisers. But what the king doesn't know is that Roderick is up to something. He goes to his chamber and sees a monk leave. He discovers something is missing so he tries to find the monk. When the monk sees he's surrounded, he runs into Jack and asks for his horse and offers a pouch of beans in exchange. He tells Jack not to get them wet. Later the monk is caught and Jack leaves. When he goes home, his uncle is infuriated that he allowed the monk to con him. He throws the beans to the floor. Jacks picks most of them up but one falls through a crack in the floor. That evening it begins to rain. That evening the Princess runs away again and seeks shelter at Jack's. They talk about how they're intrigued by the story of the Giants and the beanstalk. Suddenly a giant stalk sprouts taking Jack's house with the Princess to the heavens. Jack tries to save her but falls and is knocked out. When he wakes up he sees the king standing over him and asking where hi s daughter is. Jack shows the beanstalk, so the king sends soldiers to climb the stalk and search for his daughter. Jack offers to go which the soldier doesn't think is a good idea. Roderick offers to go too but he has other plans. Along the way, Roderick cuts the rope getting rid of some of the soldiers. When they make it to the top they discover that the tale about the giants might not be a myth. Roderick also tells Jack to give him the beans.::rcs0411@yahoo.com