---
layout: post
title: "Trouble with the Curve"
description: "Gus Lobel (Clint Eastwood) is a baseball scout. The team he works for thinks he should retire. He asks them to let him do one more scouting job to prove himself. His friend, Pete Klein (John Goodman), asks Gus' estranged daughter, Mickey (Amy Adams), if she could go with him to make sure he's okay as his eyes are failing. The doctor tells Gus he should get his eyes treated, but he insists on doing his scouting assignment, which takes him to North Carolin.."
img: 2083383.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Sport]
tags: Drama Sport 
language: English
year: 2012
imdb_rating: 6.8
votes: 58998
imdb_id: 2083383
netflix_id: 70235276
color: 432818
---
Director: `Robert Lorenz`  

Cast: `Clint Eastwood` `Chelcie Ross` `Raymond Anthony Thomas` `Ed Lauter` `Amy Adams` 

In Atlanta, aging Brave's baseball scout Gus Lobel (Clint Eastwood) is near the end of his contract and manager Vince (Robert Patrick) questions whether or not it is time for his retirement. Meanwhile, the stubborn and grumpy Gus learns that he has problems with his eyes and needs to go to a specialist, but he hides the medical recommendation from everybody. Gus' boss and friend Pete Klein (John Goodman) knows that baseball is the pride and joy of Gus, and a retirement would kill him, and asks him to travel to North Carolina to scout the promising player Bo Gentry (Joe Massingill). Pete also protects Gus from the ambitious colleague Phillip Sanderson (Matthew Lillard) that wants his position, and to get Gus fired. Pete visits Gus' estranged daughter Mickey (Amy Adams), who is an efficient lawyer that is disputing a partnership in the office where she works with her colleague Todd (James Patrick Freetly), and asks her to travel with Gus to North Carolina. Mickey is a great fan of baseball and has a great knowledge of the sport since she used to travel with her father when she was young, but she has a childhood trauma since Gus abandoned her with an uncle when she was a child. In North Carolina, Gus meets former pitcher Johnny (Justin Timberlake), who had an early retirement due to an injured shoulder, and now is scouting for the Red Socks, but aiming to be a broadcaster. When he meets Mickey, there is a mutual attraction between them. Along the days, Gus discovers that Gentry has problems with curve balls and he does not recommend the player to the Braves. He also tells Johnny about Gentry's problem. But when Phillip (Matthew Lillard) advises Vince (Robert Patrick) to hire Gentry, Vince's decision affects the lives of Gus, Mickey, and Johnny.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil