---
layout: post
title: "Dukhtar"
description: "Two family clans (here just called A and B) who had a long history of hostility agreed to bury their hostility. One central point of the agreement is that the youngest girl of A (who has not really a trustworthy young male escape. After some time they feel (correctly) that their present hiding place is not safe enough, and they make a second reached puberty) will marry the oldest man of B. The girl, her mo.."
img: 3175888.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Thriller]
tags: Drama Thriller 
language: Urdu
year: 2014
imdb_rating: 7.0
votes: 2146
imdb_id: 3175888
netflix_id: 80114155
color: 264653
---
Director: `Afia Nathaniel`  

Cast: `Samiya Mumtaz` `Mohib Mirza` `Saleha Aref` `Asif Khan` `Ajab Gul` 

In the mountains of Pakistan lives a Pashtun family headed by an old patriarch married to a much younger woman, Allah Rakhi. They have a ten-year-old daughter, Zainab. One day, the father breaks the news that he has given away his daughter to a powerful tribal leader in marriage to settle a bloody feud. Allah Rakhi's worst fear is coming true, as Zainab's life, which has barely begun is about to end. On the morning of Zainab's wedding day, Allah Rakhi pulls off a daring escape with her daughter, and begins her journey into the unknown. The hunt for the mother and the daughter begins in earnest. The escape represents a damning act of dishonour to the family punishable only by death. On the road, Allah Rakhi and Zainab meet a truck driver, Sohail, who helps them thinking they need a ride to the next stop. As the men begin to pursue his truck, he finds out their true identity and pur-pose, and realizes his life is in as much danger as theirs since anyone helping the runaway mother and child would be caught and punished as well. As the relentless chase intensifies, Sohail has no course except to devise an escape plan in the formidable winter landscape where they can be betrayed by any stranger. As Allah Rakhi, Sohail and Zainab continue their journey together, their destinies now entwined, Allah Rakhi finds herself falling for a man she is forbidden to love. Carefully dodging the fearsome, far-reaching influence of the tribal leader, the trio embarks on an epic journey through the sweeping landscape of Pakistan where the search for freedom and love comes with a price.::Film Fanatic