---
layout: post
title: "The Girl on the Train"
description: "The Girl on the Train is the story of Rachel Watson's life post-divorce. Every day, she takes the train in to work in New York, and every day the train passes by her old house. The house she lived in with her husband, who still lives there, with his new wife and child. As she attempts to not focus on her pain, she starts watching a couple who live a few houses down -- Megan and Scott Hipwell. She creates a wonderful dream life for them in her head, about how they are a perfect happy family. A.."
img: 3631112.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Crime,Drama,Mystery,Thriller]
tags: Crime Drama Mystery Thriller 
language: English
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 6.5
votes: 164361
imdb_id: 3631112
netflix_id: 80003195
color: c44536
---
Director: `Tate Taylor`  

Cast: `Emily Blunt` `Haley Bennett` `Rebecca Ferguson` `Justin Theroux` `Luke Evans` 

The divorcee Rachel Watson commutes every day to New York by train and watches the old house where she lived with her husband Tom Watson through the window. Rachel is an alcoholic and infertile woman that frequently has blackouts and shares an apartment with her friend Cathy. Tom is married with Anna Boyd with the baby Evie. Their babysitter is Megan Hipwell that lives with her husband Scott in the same neighborhood in the suburb. Rachel admires Megan and Scott since she believes they are the perfect couple. However Megan is a promiscuous woman that has affairs with many men including her psychiatrist Dr. Kamal Abdic. When Rachel sees Megan kissing another man on the balcony of her house, she decides to have a conversation with Megan after drinking in a bar. However she has a blackout and awakens with bruises in her apartment. Soon she learns that Megan is missing and Detective Riley that is in charge of the investigation visits Rachel to interrogate her since the neighbors had seen an alcoholic woman wandering in the area. However Rachel does not recall what she did that night. Rachel decides to investigate the case and has dreadful discoveries about her life and Tom. Who might be the killer?::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil