---
layout: post
title: "Arthur Christmas"
description: "This movie reveals the incredible, never-before seen answer to every child's question: So how does Santa deliver all those presents in one night? The answer: Santa's (Jim Broadbent's) exhilarating, ultra-high-tech operation hidden beneath the North Pole. But at the center of this movie is a story about a family in a state of comic dysfunction and an unlikely hero, Arthur (James McAvoy), with an urge.."
img: 1430607.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Animation,Adventure,Comedy,Family,Fantasy]
tags: Animation Adventure Comedy Family Fantasy 
year: 2011
imdb_rating: 7.1
votes: 48942
imdb_id: 1430607
netflix_id: 70202138
color: 472d30
---
Director: `Sarah Smith` `Barry Cook`  

Cast: `James McAvoy` `Hugh Laurie` `Bill Nighy` `Jim Broadbent` `Imelda Staunton` 

It is Christmas Eve. The big hi-tech sleigh, the S-1 is to deliver two billion presents on Santa's (Jim Broadbent's) seventieth mission. Meanwhile, Arthur gets a letter from a girl from 23 Mimosa Avenue, Trelew, Cornwall, England, saying that she wants a Pink Twinkle Bike for Christmas. The S-1, which is the answer to every child's question: How does Santa deliver all those presents in just one night, travels seven million miles around the world delivering the gifts. However, during a delivery operation, when one child wakes up and almost sees Santa, an elf inadvertently presses a button, causing a present to fall off a conveyor and go unnoticed. A crazy wrapping elf called Bryony (Ashley Jensen) discovers the gift, and Arthur is alarmed to discover that it was the present for Gwen Hines (Ramona Marquez), the Twinkle bike. Grandsanta (Bill Nighy) proposes delivering the gift using Evie, his old wooden sleigh, and the descendants of the original eight reindeer, forcefully whisking away a reluctant Arthur and a stowaway Bryony. They get lost, lose reindeer, and land in danger several times, ultimately being mistaken for aliens and causing an international military incident. Can Arthur, with the help of Grandsanta and Bryony really be the heroes of the night and deliver the missing present before Gwen wakes up, thus saving Christmas?::Nicky Mitchell