---
layout: post
title: "Why Did I Fall in Love?"
description: "Samir is a very successful doctor: He not only looks after his patient's various maladies, but also looks after his female patients' hearts. Most women fall for him and his irresistible charms. The only person who has not fallen for him is his dutiful nurse Naina. Whenever a girl gets too close to Samir and starts talking about marriage, he sends her off by telling her he is already married. However, one day, he meets Sonia, a beautiful young woman and Samir is smitten. When she learns of his 'wife', she wants to meet her -- and Samir introduces Naina, as well as her niece and nephew, as his w.."
img: 0451803.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Romance]
tags: Comedy Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2005
imdb_rating: 5.5
votes: 4463
imdb_id: 0451803
netflix_id: 70040912
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `David Dhawan`  

Cast: `Salman Khan` `Sushmita Sen` `Katrina Kaif` `Sohail Khan` `Arshad Warsi` 

Samir is a very successful doctor: He not only looks after his patient's various maladies, but also looks after his female patients' hearts. Most women fall for him and his irresistible charms. The only person who has not fallen for him is his dutiful nurse Naina. Whenever a girl gets too close to Samir and starts talking about marriage, he sends her off by telling her he is already married. However, one day, he meets Sonia, a beautiful young woman and Samir is smitten. When she learns of his 'wife', she wants to meet her -- and Samir introduces Naina, as well as her niece and nephew, as his wife and children. Samir then arranges a fake divorce from a fake wife with the help of his best friend, lawyer Vicky who, despite having a steady girlfriend, frequently flirts with Naina. To complicate things further, Samir's mother suddenly appears and doesn't want her son get divorced from Naina (when he isn't married to her in the first place). And then, there is Sonia's neighbor Pyare, who does not want Sonia to marry Samir: he wants Sonia for his own and she seems to like him, too. The web of lies around everyone grows thicker and thicker, but finally, Samir is able to marry Sonia. Will this marriage takes place? Or will Sonia learns the truth about Samir and cancels the wedding?::gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com)