---
layout: post
title: "Murder Mountain"
description: "What happens when California dreaming becomes a nightmare? When people head to Humboldt County, California in search of quick riches in the form of marijuana, often times they are unaware of the price they might ultimately pay in the illegal cannabis growing capital of the United States. The area produces at least 60% of the black market marijuana crop in the US, and also leads the state in missing persons cases. The series dives into the disappearance of one of these individuals, following the trail of 29-year-old Garret Rodriguez who goes missi.."
img: 9078908.jpg
kind: tv mini series
genres: [Documentary]
tags: Documentary 
language: English
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 6.9
votes: 2179
imdb_id: 9078908
netflix_id: 80217475
color: 2A9D8F
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `N/A` 

What happens when California dreaming becomes a nightmare? When people head to Humboldt County, California in search of quick riches in the form of marijuana, often times they are unaware of the price they might ultimately pay in the illegal cannabis growing capital of the United States. The area produces at least 60% of the black market marijuana crop in the US, and also leads the state in missing persons cases. The series dives into the disappearance of one of these individuals, following the trail of 29-year-old Garret Rodriguez who goes missing on Murder Mountain. His disappearance and the events surrounding the investigation into his whereabouts threaten to expose a wild, lawless place, and will forever change the local community. The area known as Alderpoint - commonly known as Murder Mountain by residents, is not only mountainous and spacious but a surreal, little corner of America. "Viewers will get an up close and personal look at a cast of isolationists, outlaws, vigilantes and other characters they won't soon forget," said Raphael Rodriguez, the Supervising Producer of "Murder Mountain" and Director of Programming and Production at FUSION. The six-part docuseries also explores Humboldt's marijuana farms - both legal and illegal - and provides a glimpse into what it takes for an outlaw farmer to cross over to the legal market. From describing the history of marijuana in the area to the current role of "trimmigrants"-people from out of town who come to work the harvest-, "Murder Mountain" unravels a place of incredible natural beauty, where marijuana has become the dominant local industry. Shocking. Moody. Surreal. "Murder Mountain" is not to be missed.::anonymous