---
layout: post
title: "Kabhi Alvida Naa Kehna"
description: "Dev Saran is a disgruntled former footballer who is jealous of his wife Rhea's successful career as a fashion magazine editor. Maya Talwar is a kindergarten teacher married to her childhood buddy Rishi. Rishi is a passionate and affectionate husband but Maya is unable to reciprocate his love because of the lack of feelings towards him. A chance encounter brings Dev and Maya together. Since their respective marriages are falling apart, they decide to help each other to salvage their marriages, .."
img: 0449999.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Romance]
tags: Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 6.1
votes: 17800
imdb_id: 0449999
netflix_id: 70057651
color: 533747
---
Director: `Karan Johar`  

Cast: `Amitabh Bachchan` `Shah Rukh Khan` `Abhishek Bachchan` `Rani Mukerji` `Preity Zinta` 

Dev Saran lives in the United States of America. He is a soccer star and is married to Riya, who works and models for a magazine. Thinking that he is perfect with the game of soccer he accept a contract for $5 million to play professional soccer, but meets with an accident, fractures his leg, and gets disqualified. Because he is now a handicapped man he must depend on his wife for a living. He stays at home all the time and broods on his ill-luck. He also starts suspecting his wife of having an affair with some other man. His suspicions turn into reality when he sees her with a man named Rishi. By chance, the two families of Rishi, his dad and his wife, together with Dev and Riya become friendly and get together. It is here that Dev will disrupt everyone lives when he will openly accuse Riya of having an affair with Rishi. But later on the couple patch up. Both families once again meet and everyone seems to be getting along well. Then at a dinner get together, Dev tells everyone the earthshaking news that he is in love with Maya. Which once again turn over the page that might lead to a death end. Who knows what the horoscope says.::gavin@sunny_deol2009@yahoo.com