---
layout: post
title: "Mission: Impossible - Ghost Protocol"
description: "In the fourth installment of the Mission Impossible series, Ethan Hunt and a new team race against time to track down Hendricks, a dangerous terrorist who has gained access to Russian nuclear launch codes and is planning a strike on the United States. An attempt by the team to stop him at the Kremlin ends in a disaster, with an explosion causing severe damage to the Kremlin and the IMF being implicated in the bombing, forcing the President to invoke Ghost Protocol, under which the IMF is d.."
img: 1229238.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Thriller]
tags: Action Adventure Thriller 
year: 2011
imdb_rating: 7.4
votes: 448614
imdb_id: 1229238
netflix_id: 70173048
color: 7c616c
---
Director: `Brad Bird`  

Cast: `Tom Cruise` `Paula Patton` `Simon Pegg` `Jeremy Renner` `Michael Nyqvist` 

IMF agent Ethan Hunt, who's been out for sometime, is given another mission. He has to break into the Kremlin to obtain some information. He gets in but when he gets to where he is suppose to go, the information is not there. And at the same moment, in another part of the building someone kills some people and takes some sensitive material. He then taps into Ethan's frequency, pretending to be part of his team. Ethan then calls an abort and just as he was leaving, the Kremlin explodes. Ethan is knocked out and wakes up in a hospital handcuffed to a bed and questioned by a Russian agent who thinks he's responsible for what happened. Ethan escapes and calls the Secretary who meets him with an aide named Brandt. Ethan gives them a description of the man he thinks is responsible and is told he's a rogue scientist. Ethan is told that IMF is being shut down. And since he's wanted, he is told by the Secretary that he can either turn himself in or go out and find the man responsible. That's when they're attacked by the Russian who thinks Ethan is the one responsible. The Secretary is killed, Ethan and Brandt escape and join two other agents and they set out to find the man and clear the IMF.::rcs0411@yahoo.com