---
layout: post
title: "Maroon"
description: "What will you do if you are left unwanted by someone you dearly love? It feels like being in a deserted island, which was once your beautiful abode, now covered with carnivorous hedges pricking and luring. Colour of the sky at sunset is not soothing anymore but seems like covered in blood, rustling of leave is not peaceful but an indication of someone coming to chain you, the sand is no more soft and relaxing but a quicksand pulling you down and the chirping of birds becomes a screech of an eagle. You are no more yourself but a stranger you detest. How.."
img: 6118058.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Thriller]
tags: Thriller 
language: Hindi
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 5.1
votes: 262
imdb_id: 6118058
netflix_id: 80159668
color: E76F51
---
Director: `Pulkit`  

Cast: `Devyani Cm` `Manav Kaul` `Saurabh Sachdeva` `Sarika Singh` `Suneel Sinha` 

What will you do if you are left unwanted by someone you dearly love? It feels like being in a deserted island, which was once your beautiful abode, now covered with carnivorous hedges pricking and luring. Colour of the sky at sunset is not soothing anymore but seems like covered in blood, rustling of leave is not peaceful but an indication of someone coming to chain you, the sand is no more soft and relaxing but a quicksand pulling you down and the chirping of birds becomes a screech of an eagle. You are no more yourself but a stranger you detest. How can you reason out what has happened to you and rationalize to live with it? Why will you remain in the social boundaries and accept the way of life after being torn apart. Maroon is a story of a man, creative writing professor in a university in Dehradun, betrayed by his loving wife, a music teacher in a school, struggles to live in humiliation. His deep pain makes him take a masochistic step which results in deep guilt and fear. In his attempt to cope up he becomes delusional and his interaction with the outside world gradually enters a different plane of reality and he becomes psychologically impaired.::Pulkit