---
layout: post
title: "Kucch To Hai"
description: "Indian film-makers have now come up with their very own I Know What You Did Last Summer', a story centering around a College Professor, who kills his wife, and hides her body in the College campus. When some students, who have been caught cheating in their exams, decide to change their marks, they break into the Professor's room, and this is where they find his wife's lifeless body. Afraid, they may get blamed for breaking and entering as well as this murder, they decide to run away, leave the city and try to forget this e.."
img: 0348662.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Horror,Mystery]
tags: Horror Mystery 
language: Hindi
year: 2003
imdb_rating: 4.2
votes: 804
imdb_id: 0348662
netflix_id: 70007056
color: 7c616c
---
Director: `Anurag Basu` `Anil v Kumar`  

Cast: `Tusshar Kapoor` `Esha Deol` `Ramesh Bhatkar` `Ashay Chitre` `Sulabha Deshpande` 

Karan lives a wealthy lifestyle with his dad, Ravi, in Delhi, India. He studies in a prestigious college in scenic Simla, and is friendly with Yash Tonk, Tashu (his girlfriend), Pat, Dolly, and Khush. When Tanya Oberoi joins the college, he falls madly in love with her, much to Tashu's displeasure. When Tanya is caught cheating during an exam by Professor Bakshi, a frantic Karan, in order to ensure that Tanya does not lose a college year, breaks into Bakshi's office to eliminate any evidence of Tanya's wrong-doing, and comes across the dead body of Bakshi's wife. Bakshi sees him, a scuffle ensues, and Bakshi ends up dead with Karan's fingerprints all over his gun. Uneasy and guilt-ridden, the group disposes off Bakshi's dead body, leave for their respective homes, hoping never to return back. Subsequently, Ravi announces the engagement of Tashu and Karan, and a short while later Pat telephones them that Dolly and Yash Tonk are going to get married in Simla. The group reluctantly re-unite, find out to their relief that Bakshi is very much alive, and take part in the lavish marriage ceremony. Later they book individual rooms in a nearby hotel. This is where their past will come back to haunt them - making them regret their wrong actions - and none of them may live to tell this tale.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)