---
layout: post
title: "Timeline"
description: "A group of archaeologists and combat experts led by Chris Johnston (Paul Walker) and Kate Ericson (Frances O'Connor) use a 3-D fax machine to time-travel back to France in 1357, in hopes of retrieving Chris' father, Professor Edward Johnston (Sir Billy Connolly), and returning safely to the present. No such luck. Fending for themselves against marauding hordes of medieval French warriors at war with the invading British, these semi-intr.."
img: 0300556.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi,War]
tags: Action Adventure Sci-Fi War 
language: English
year: 2003
imdb_rating: 5.7
votes: 59493
imdb_id: 0300556
netflix_id: 80184208
color: 2A9D8F
---
Director: `Richard Donner`  

Cast: `Paul Walker` `Frances O'Connor` `Gerard Butler` `Billy Connolly` `David Thewlis` 

In the heart of the beautiful and historically rich Dordogne Valley of France, a team of archeology students and their professor diligently work to uncover the ruins of a fourteenth century castle. For Professor Edward Johnston (Sir Billy Connolly), the project is the culmination of a life-long dream. Aided by Assistant Professor Andre Marek (Gerard Butler), his son Chris (Paul Walker), and students Kate Ericson (Frances O'Connor), David Stern (Ethan Embry), and François Dontelle (Rossif Sutherland), Johnston has made major strides in unearthing not only La Roque Castle, but also a monastery and structures from the surrounding village of Castlegard. But things are about to go haywire. Suspicious of the dig's benefactor, International Technology Corporation (ITC) and the man who runs it, Robert Doniger (David Thewlis), Professor Johnston heads to ITC headquarters in New Mexico to get some answers, and while he's away, his students discover a chamber that has been sealed for more than six hundred years. Marek and Kate descend into the unstable room, and just before a nearly disastrous cave-in, they make two startling discoveries - a bifocal lens, which couldn't have been invented before the chamber was sealed, and even more intriguing, a handwritten plea for help dated April 2, 1357... from Professor Johnston. Determined to solve the mystery, the students head for ITC headquarters, where they are stunned to learn of Doniger's new invention - a machine that can actually transmit three-dimensional objects through space. Although he meant for the device to revolutionize shipping, Doniger inadvertently opened a wormhole that lead directly to the fourteenth century, and Professor Johnston, who had insisted on experiencing the discovery himself, is now trapped in a vicious French vs. English feudal war. Can Johnston's loyal students survive one of the most violent battles in world history, and make it back to the twenty-first century alive?