---
layout: post
title: "Runner Runner"
description: "Princeton grad student Richie, believing he's been swindled, travels to Costa Rica to confront online gambling tycoon Ivan Block. Richie is seduced by Block's promise of immense wealth, until he learns the disturbing truth about his benefactor. When the FBI tries to coerce Richie to help bring down Block, Richie faces his biggest gamble ever: attempting to outmaneuver the two forces closing in on him..."
img: 2364841.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Crime,Thriller]
tags: Crime Thriller 
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 5.6
votes: 59941
imdb_id: 2364841
netflix_id: 70229498
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Brad Furman`  

Cast: `Justin Timberlake` `Ben Affleck` `Gemma Arterton` `Anthony Mackie` `Michael Esper` 

In Princeton, the student Richie Furst is a former Wall Street broker that lost everything in the stock market crash a couple of years ago. Richie supports himself and pays the institution promoting online gambling in Princeton. When he is denounced by one student to Dean Alex Monroe, Richie receives an ultimatum and is forced to stop his activity. Further, he decides to bet all his savings to finance the rest of his graduation. However he loses all his money and discovers that he has been swindled by the powerful Ivan Block that owns the site. Richie travels to a gambling convention in Costa Rica expecting to meet Ivan, and he meets his lover and employee Rebecca Shafran that gives an invitation to him for the party. Richie meets Ivan that refunds him and invites Richie to work for him. Richie is seduced by the offer and moves to Costa Rica expecting to become rich. But soon Richie is pressed down by the unethical FBI Agent Shavers that wants to catch Ivan but has no jurisdiction in the corrupt country. Soon Richie finds the truth about the disloyal Ivan and he has to find a way out to escape from Ivan and Shavers using his intelligence and money.::Claudio Carvalho, Rio de Janeiro, Brazil