---
layout: post
title: "Safe House"
description: "Matt Weston (Ryan Reynolds) is a CIA rookie who is manning a safe house in Cape Town, South Africa, when Tobin Frost (Denzel Washington) the CIA's most wanted rogue agent is captured and taken to the safe house. During Frost's interrogation, the safe house is overtaken by mercenaries who want Frost. Weston and Frost escape and must stay out of the gunmen's sight until they can get to another safe house..."
img: 1599348.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Thriller]
tags: Action Thriller 
year: 2012
imdb_rating: 6.7
votes: 201605
imdb_id: 1599348
netflix_id: 70208104
color: F4A261
---
Director: `Daniel Espinosa`  

Cast: `Denzel Washington` `Ryan Reynolds` `Vera Farmiga` `Brendan Gleeson` `Sam Shepard` 

Tobin Frost was once a well respected CIA agent, until he turned nine years ago, he who is now wanted for espionage. Largely underground, he voluntarily turns himself in to the US government via their consulate in Cape Town, South Africa. From there, he is transferred to a safe house overseen by neophyte CIA agent Matthew Weston, this posting which is relatively low within the bureaucracy. Weston's job is to protect his house guests at all cost. Out of circumstance, Weston and Frost are forced to go on the run from the house, largely without the help of anyone else within the agency, including those at Langley such as Weston's boss David Barlow, Barlow's peer Catherine Linklater who is in charge of the section interrogating Frost, and their superior Deputy Director Harlan Whitford, that is until they are able to give him further instructions. Weston's task is difficult as they are being pursued by some men who are after Frost for some reason and are willing to kill, and Frost is largely an unwilling companion, who tries to undermine Weston, particularly psychologically, and escape at every opportunity. Weston has no idea why Frost came in, something those at Langley are trying to determine. Weston knows his career is on the line if he fails in the mission, that is if he survives. During the process, Weston is continually thinking about his girlfriend, French national Ana Moreau, to who he lied about his job, and thus whose life may be in danger without her even knowing it or ever knowing why it may have been in danger.::Huggo