---
layout: post
title: "Om Shanti Om"
description: "Om Prakash Makhija is a Junior Artist in the 1970's hindi film industry, who is in love with actress Shantipriya. Om rescues Shanti from a fire scene where the fire has escaped control, and they become friends. His hopes seems to be coming true, but shortly thereafter he finds out that she is married to a film producer, Mukesh Mehra, and is expecting his child. He then watches in horror as Mukesh, after luring her in an abandone.."
img: 1024943.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Comedy,Drama,Musical,Romance]
tags: Action Comedy Drama Musical Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 6.7
votes: 37835
imdb_id: 1024943
netflix_id: 70083535
color: 472d30
---
Director: `Farah Khan`  

Cast: `Shah Rukh Khan` `Arjun Rampal` `Kiron Kher` `Shreyas Talpade` `Deepika Padukone` 

Om Prakash is a junior artist and has dreams to become a hero overnight. Om's mother, Bela Makhija, inspires and encourages her son to become a success. He gets to meet Shanti Priya one day and finds out that she is very popular, after a few misunderstandings, Om finally falls in love with Shanti, but is unable to express it to her. He gets to attend her first film, Dreamy girl, by masquerading as the actor Manoj Kumar. He also saves her in a filming episode from an uncontrollable fire and both became good friends. Om asks her out on a date and she agrees. Om is ecstatic and plans a wonderful evening for her - using props and a film set and several backgrounds in a studio to woo her. And she finally attends but under the pretext of a friend. The following day, Om tries to talk to Shanti on the sets of a film but she looks very preoccupied. He follows her into a make up room,and overhears an argument with top producer Mukesh Mehra. He learns that she is married to him and is expecting his child. Om is shocked, and ends up leaving there, heartbroken. One night, Om notices Mukesh escorting Shanti to the set. He sees it catch fire and realizes that Shanti is trapped inside. Om trys to save Shanti, but is trapped and severely beaten by Mukesh's guard.::gavin (gunmasterM@hotmail.com)