---
layout: post
title: "Verses of Love 2"
description: "Fahri, now living in Edinburgh and even a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh, was forced to live his daily life alone. Together with Uncle Hulusi, his Turkish household assistant, he continued his life without Aisha. Sometimes Fahri was still crying when he remembered his memories with Aisha. The fact that his beloved wife now vanished somewhere, made him miserable and almost desperate. So he spends his days immersing himself in the busy work, research, teaching, and business that he an.."
img: 7127652.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Romance]
tags: Drama Romance 
language: Indonesian
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 5.6
votes: 533
imdb_id: 7127652
netflix_id: 81047897
color: 432818
---
Director: `Guntur Soeharjanto`  

Cast: `Fedi Nuril` `Dewi Sandra` `Chelsea Islan` `Tatjana Saphira` `Nur Fazura` 

Fahri, now living in Edinburgh and even a lecturer at the University of Edinburgh, was forced to live his daily life alone. Together with Uncle Hulusi, his Turkish household assistant, he continued his life without Aisha. Sometimes Fahri was still crying when he remembered his memories with Aisha. The fact that his beloved wife now vanished somewhere, made him miserable and almost desperate. So he spends his days immersing himself in the busy work, research, teaching, and business that he and Aisha shared together. Aisha disappeared on a trip to Palestine with her girlfriend while wanting to make stories and reportage about life there. Aisha's friend was found in a state of loss of life and body condition is pathetic and very likely Aisha condition is also the same even though her body has not been found at this time. For more than two years Fahri grieved and drowned in the search for his beloved wife. He also moved to Edinburgh because that is the city that Aisha really liked in the plains of England. With his busy self, he tried to get rid of his sadness while improving the image of Islam and Muslims in the first world. He does good to his neighbors, spreads the science of religion on various parties, and helps people who need help regardless of feathers. Various activities busied himself, until a disturbing question came from various parties. Will he be single for life after Aisha left? Will he meet his wife again?::Farhan Azhari Anwar