---
layout: post
title: "Ungli"
description: "Four friends Kalim (Angad Bedi), Gautam (Neil Bhoopalam), Maya (Kangana Ranaut) and Abhay (Randeep Hooda) form a gang called the Ungli gang which fights against corruption prevailing in society. Their job is to target corrupt people and punish them in a very unique manner. Due to increased popularity and their high profile targets they are sought by Mumbai police department as wanted. Their case is the responsibility of ACP Ashok Kale (Sanjay Dutt) and inspector Nikhil Abhyankar (Emraan Hashmi). Nikhil disguises himself as a college student and joins the ungli gang with h.."
img: 2392447.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Crime,Drama,Thriller]
tags: Crime Drama Thriller 
language: Hindi
year: 2014
imdb_rating: 5.7
votes: 3459
imdb_id: 2392447
netflix_id: 80026238
color: 4ecdc4
---
Director: `Renzil D'Silva`  

Cast: `Emraan Hashmi` `Kangana Ranaut` `Sanjay Dutt` `Randeep Hooda` `Neha Dhupia` 

Four friends Kalim (Angad Bedi), Gautam (Neil Bhoopalam), Maya (Kangana Ranaut) and Abhay (Randeep Hooda) form a gang called the "Ungli" gang which fights against corruption prevailing in society. Their job is to target corrupt people and punish them in a very unique manner. Due to increased popularity and their high profile targets they are sought by Mumbai police department as "wanted". Their case is the responsibility of ACP Ashok Kale (Sanjay Dutt) and inspector Nikhil Abhyankar (Emraan Hashmi). Nikhil disguises himself as a college student and joins the ungli gang with hidden motive of arresting them. But soon, his heart changes after learning the story of why ungli gang waw formed. Meanwhile, Kaale is compelled to seek help from the gang when Nikhil helps him expose the gang's greatest target, B.R. Dayal (Mahesh Manjrekar) and his son Anshuman. Kaale instigates a sting operation against the Mumbai police and is successful in preventing his transfer. Kaale thanks the "Ungli" gang and he assures them that the city won't need an "Ungli" gang as long as the administrations are running properly in accordance to public demands.