---
layout: post
title: "Dodgeball"
description: "White Goodman (Ben Stiller) is the owner and founder of Globo Gym, and would love nothing more than owning Average Joe's Gymnasium. Peter LaFleur (Vince Vaughn) doesn't want to lose his gym to Goodman, but can't find a way to get $50,000 in time. Peter and his gang of gym buddies think of ways to raise money, finally settling on winning a dodge ball tournament. White Goodman retaliates by creating his own dodge ball team to finish off Peter. Peter's team doesn't do too well, until legendary ADAA champ Patches O'Houlihan (Rip Torn) turns up ready to train them..."
img: 0364725.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Sport]
tags: Comedy Sport 
year: 2004
imdb_rating: 6.7
votes: 224912
imdb_id: 0364725
netflix_id: 80000466
color: 114b5f
---
Director: `Rawson Marshall Thurber`  

Cast: `Vince Vaughn` `Christine Taylor` `Ben Stiller` `Rip Torn` `Justin Long` 

This is the story of two different people, Peter La Fleur (Vince Vaughn') and White Goodman (Ben Stiller). Peter is a man of many sorts: an underachiever, a procrastinator, and the owner/operator of Average Joe's Gymnasium, a decaying, rundown gym in a large city. Peter's employees and members consist of Owen (Joel David Moore), a man who can't even find love; Dwight (Chris Williams), a cocky Mr. Know-It-All; Gordon, a timid, semi-shy person and fan of obscure sports (Stephen Root); Justin (Justin Long), a high school geek and Steve (Alan Tudyk), a pirate looking for some treasure. White, a wealthy fitness guru, just happens to be the president/founder of the Globo Gym America Corporation and the owner/operator of the local Globo Gym, a humongous fitness center known to bring in the "big bucks" turning normal "nobodies" into mean, lean, "superfine somebodies". White wants to close and tear down Average Joe's Gym to build a brand-new parking garage structure for the Globo Gym members, so he hires Katherine Veach (Christine Taylor) an attorney from a local bank to foreclose the place, giving Peter 30 days to come up with the mortgage payment of $50,000 or Average Joe's is no more forever, leaving White to take over the gym. Unfortunately even underachievers can make dreams come true, so Peter, with the help of his rejected friends, decides to become a dodge ball team by playing in the American Dodgeball Association of America (ADAA) International Dodgeball Competition in Las Vegas for the grand prize of $50,000 to save their gym. Kate, who is won over Peter's charms, join the team as well because she believes in him. But White is NOT fooled, no less stupid. His new super buff-and-tough team, known as the "Purple Cobras" wants in on the action for some extra dough. All the Average Joe's need is ex-veteran all-star Patches O' Houlihan (Rip Torn) to whip them into killing mode shape. Can the Average Joe's kill the Globo Gym Purple Cobras, win the $50,000, and save the gym in time?::Christopher Howell (Ckh87520@aol.com)