---
layout: post
title: "Guru"
description: "A school-teacher in India sires a son named Gurukant, but is disappointed as the child fails to live up to his high expectations. When Gurukant grows up, he is unable to secure decent employment in India, so finds a way to go to Turkey, where he finds employment. When he returns back to India, he wants to start his own business, but is unable to do so, as he does not have enough money. So he does some research, gets to meet Sujata, the daughter of a wealthy man named Jignesh, and marries her. After the marriage, Gurukant finds out that Sujata has a dark past, but h.."
img: 0499375.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Biography,Drama]
tags: Biography Drama 
language: Hindi
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 7.7
votes: 21461
imdb_id: 0499375
netflix_id: 70063017
color: 004643
---
Director: `Mani Ratnam`  

Cast: `Mithun Chakraborty` `Abhishek Bachchan` `Aishwarya Rai Bachchan` `Madhavan` `Vidya Balan` 

Kantilal Desai lives in Idhar, Gujarat, in India, along with his son, Gurukant, and his second wife. He is disappointed with his son, but subsequently relents when Gurukant offers to re-locate to Istanbul, Turkey, to work there as a petroleum attendant. Gurukant accordingly relocates there, and with a lot of hard and diligent work, progresses, so much so that his salary is tripled and he is promoted as Sales Supervisor. But Gurukant rejects this promotion, returns home to his shocked family, gets married to a semi-senile woman by the name of Sujata, gets enough dowry so that he can start a polyester business in Bombay along with his brother-in-law, Jignesh. Upon arrival in Bombay, he faces numerous hurdles and opposition from the wealthy class, especially from Arzaan Contractor and I.A.S. Officer K.R. Menon, but with the help of Manikdas Gupta, the owner of a daily newspaper called 'Swatantra Mani', overcomes these problems, starts his own business and progresses so much so that he returns home to Idhar, opens a factor, Shakti Polyester, and goes on to become India's biggest entrepreneur. He also becomes father to twin daughters, Disha and Dhristi. Then things spiral out of control when he finds himself facing off against Manikdas himself, when evidence surfaces that he has been breaking various excise, income tax, customs, and even smuggling to improve his business. Manikdas even recruits Shyam Saxena to expose Gurukant. Unable to bear this shock, Gurukant becomes ill, and ends up paralyzed, while Manikdas, Shyam and the Government of India set up the Thapar Commission, which has charged Gurukant with 29 counts of breaking a variety of laws in India - which when proved - will end up finishing not only career of both Gurukant and Sujata - but also see them end up behind bars.::rAjOo (gunwanti@hotmail.com)