---
layout: post
title: "Dope"
description: "A coming of age comedy/drama for the post hip hop generation. Malcolm is a geek, carefully surviving life in The Bottoms, a tough neighborhood in Inglewood, CA filled with gangsters and drug dealers, while juggling his senior year of college applications, interviews and the SAT. His dream is to attend Harvard. A chance invitation to a big underground party leads Malcolm and his friends into an only in Los Angeles gritty adventure filled with offbeat characters and bad choices. If Malc.."
img: 3850214.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Crime,Drama]
tags: Comedy Crime Drama 
language: English
year: 2015
imdb_rating: 7.2
votes: 79645
imdb_id: 3850214
netflix_id: 80178726
color: 495867
---
Director: `Rick Famuyiwa`  

Cast: `ASAP Rocky` `Blake Anderson` `Bruce Beatty` `De'aundre Bonds` `Julian Finch` 

Malcolm Adekanbi and his best friends, Jib and Diggy, are high school "geeks" living in "The Bottoms," a crime-frequent neighborhood in Inglewood, California. Malcolm is confident he will be admitted to his dream school, Harvard University, on his academic ability, but his school counselor berates him since their school is in a run-down suburb in Los Angeles. He suggests Malcolm take college application process more seriously, starting with an upcoming interview with businessman and Harvard alumnus, Austin Jacoby. While biking home, Malcolm is stopped by Dom, a drug dealer who instructs him to invite a girl named Nakia to his party. Finding him charming, Nakia tells Malcolm to reply that she will only accept if Malcolm goes. Despite initial reluctance, Jib and Diggy convince Malcolm to go and the trio arrives. During the party, Dom and his crew meet in a back room to buy high-grade, powdered molly but are interrupted by an armed gang, and several people are shot. Hiding behind the bar, Dom finds Malcolm's backpack and fills it with the drugs and a gun, giving it to Malcolm and sending him away while the police arrive. Nakia then drives Malcolm home when he offers her help for the GED..