---
layout: post
title: "The Death and Life of Marsha P. Johnson"
description: "When Stonewall Veteran and beloved Greenwich Village personality Marsha P Johnson turned up dead shortly after Gay Pride in 1992, it was the latest in a series of murders, gay bashings, and mysterious deaths in the local gay community. Johnson is seen in footage at a political march shortly before this, at an action trying to draw attention to these hate crimes. Tragically, Johnson then becomes the next victim. Like the other suspicio.."
img: 5233558.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Documentary]
tags: Documentary 
language: English
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 7.2
votes: 2001
imdb_id: 5233558
netflix_id: 80189623
color: 264653
---
Director: `David France`  

Cast: `Kurt Wolfe` `Sue Yacka` `Catherine Shugrue Dos Santos` `Victoria Cruz` `Marcus Maier` 

When Stonewall Veteran and beloved Greenwich Village personality Marsha P Johnson turned up dead shortly after Gay Pride in 1992, it was the latest in a series of murders, gay bashings, and "mysterious" deaths in the local gay community. Johnson is seen in footage at a political march shortly before this, at an action trying to draw attention to these hate crimes. Tragically, Johnson then becomes the next victim. Like the other suspicious deaths, Johnson's death is quickly dismissed as a "suicide", even though there is no evidence that Johnson was suicidal, and significant evidence that Johnson was harassed and stalked on that very night. Demonstrations are held to protest the lack of police investigation, but it is not until decades later that transgender crime advocate Victoria Cruz succeeds in getting some answers. Even after decades, many contemporaries of Johnson are still afraid to discuss on the record what happened to Johnson, the murders that took place in the Village in that era, the danger that follows many of the most marginalized in the community, and the threats that some still fear. Like the previous documentary on Marsha P Johnson, Pay it No Mind, this film relies on archival footage of the dead, letting the subjects speak for themselves. Footage of Johnson at political actions is included, though some might not notice Johnson at first at some of these actions and memorials, dressed down in jeans and a t-shirt, or jeans and a flannel shirt, with no wig. Stonewall veterans, AIDS activists, and early gender nonconforming and transgender activists are shown at these demonstrations, as well. The Gay Liberation Rally, where Sylvia Rivera gives the fiery "You Listen Up!" speech is also featured, along with with other interviews with Rivera and AIDS memorials with ACT UP and Gay Men's Health Crisis.