---
layout: post
title: "Selena"
description: "The film tells the story of the life of Mexican Tejano style singer Selena Quintanilla-Perez and the progress of her career resulting in her No. 1 US album..."
img: 0120094.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Biography,Drama,Music]
tags: Biography Drama Music 
language: English
year: 1997
imdb_rating: 6.8
votes: 23983
imdb_id: 0120094
netflix_id: 80015569
color: ee6c4d
---
Director: `Gregory Nava`  

Cast: `Jennifer Lopez` `Jackie Guerra` `Constance Marie` `Alex Meneses` `Jon Seda` 

Written and directed by Gregory Nava, this biopic concentrates on Selena's relationship with her family and her rise to fame, dealing only briefly with her tragic death. Abraham Quintanilla (Edward James Olmos) is a veteran musician who leads a family-based singing group, The Dinos. At a young age, he notices that his daughter Selena (played as a child by Becky Lee Meza) has a strong singing voice, and he works her into the act (her big number is a version of Over the Rainbow). However, as she grows older, Selena (played as an adult by Jennifer Lopez) wants to establish her own musical identity; while her heritage is Mexican-American, her primary language is English, and her favorite artists are American pop acts like Donna Summer. While Selena and Abraham sometimes argue about the musical direction of the group, he always respects and supports her talent, and her blend of Tejano roots music and dance-able pop rhythms soon sparks a revolution in Latin music. Selena later earns the wrath of her father when she becomes romantically involved with Chris Perez (Jon Seda), a rebellious and long-haired guitarist hired to play with the group, but when they elope and Selena convinces Abraham that their love is sincere, Chris is welcomed into the family. After a long string of successes on the Latin charts and playing to a sellout crowd at the Houston Astrodome and a crowd of 100,000 at a stadium in Monterey, Mexico, Selena begins recording her first album in English, which is expected to make her a mainstream star on the level of Whitney Houston or Gloria Estefan. However, the fates decreed it was an album she would never complete.