---
layout: post
title: "Guardian: The Lonely and Great God"
description: "Kim Shin, a decorated military general from the Goryeo Dynasty, is framed as a traitor and killed by his master, the young King. Years after his death, he is cursed by the almighty to stay immortal forever and endure the pain of seeing his loved ones die as a punishment for the beastly killings he committed in the wars to protect his country. He becomes an immortal goblin, helping people with his powers and being a kind man in spite of his grieving past. The only way to put an end to his immorta.."
img: 5994364.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Drama,Fantasy,Romance]
tags: Drama Fantasy Romance 
language: Korean
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 8.6
votes: 9220
imdb_id: 5994364
netflix_id: 81012510
color: 5e503f
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Yoo Gong` `Go-eun Kim` `Dong-Wook Lee` `In-Na Yoo` `Sung-Jae Yook` 

Kim Shin, a decorated military general from the Goryeo Dynasty, is framed as a traitor and killed by his master, the young King. Years after his death, he is cursed by the almighty to stay immortal forever and endure the pain of seeing his loved ones die as a punishment for the beastly killings he committed in the wars to protect his country. He becomes an immortal goblin, helping people with his powers and being a kind man in spite of his grieving past. The only way to put an end to his immortality is the Goblin's bride, who can see and remove the sword in his chest and end his painful life. Closer to the present day, Kim Shin has waited 900 years for a human bride to end his immortal life. One night, he saves a dying pregnant woman who is destined to die. The woman gives birth to a baby girl named Ji Eun Tak. 19 years later, Ji Eun Tak is a bubbly high school student who remains cheerful and hopeful despite her tragic life. She summons the goblin by chance and their fates begin to entwine. Kim Shin's nephew Yoo Deok Hwa leases Shin's house to a Grim Reaper and the two end up living under the same roof. Sunny is a charismatic young lady who runs a chicken shop in which Ji Eun Tak works as a part timer. As the lives of Kim Shin, Grim Reaper, Ji Eun Tak and Sunny interweave, a deeper story unfolds as they are not just strangers who met-by chance but people with deep-rooted relations.::T