---
layout: post
title: "The Lorax"
description: "In the walled city of Thneed-Ville, where everything is artificial and even the air is a commodity, a boy named Ted hopes to win the heart of his dream girl, Audrey. When he learns of her wish to see a real tree, Ted seeks out the Once-ler, a ruined old businessman outside of town in a stark wasteland. Upon hearing of how the hermit gave into his greed for profits and devastated the land over the protests of the Lorax, Ted is inspired to undo the disaster. However, the greedy Mayor of Thneed-Ville,.."
img: 1482459.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Animation,Adventure,Comedy,Drama,Family]
tags: Animation Adventure Comedy Drama Family 
year: 2012
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 96116
imdb_id: 1482459
netflix_id: 70208102
color: 533747
---
Director: `Chris Renaud` `Kyle Balda`  

Cast: `Danny DeVito` `Ed Helms` `Zac Efron` `Taylor Swift` `Betty White` 

In the town of Thneedville, a walled city, everything is artificial even the trees. And the air is provided by the O'Hare Corporation for a price. Ted, a young man who likes a girl named Audrey who wants to see a real tree. And thinking that if he can find it will win her affections. So he talks to his mother and grand mother about it and his grandmother tells him to seek out someone called The Once-ler, which he does. He asks The Once-ler what happened to the trees, he tells Ted that it began when he wanted to create something he called Thneed. So he set out to find the material he needs to make it. And when he comes across a forest with trees with the most beautiful leaves, he thinks this is it. So he chops a tree down but then a creature who calls himself The Lorax who says he speaks for the trees and all the creature s in the forest, and he says that what he is doing--chopping down a tree is wrong. But he ignores him. He then stops talking and tells Ted to come back tomorrow. But when Ted tries to go out, O'Hare who knows what Ted is doing--trying to find a tree, tells him to stop it cause it could ruin O'Hare's business. So he makes sure Ted can go out. So Ted tries to find another way.::rcs0411@yahoo.com