---
layout: post
title: "Te quiero, imbécil"
description: "2019. Barcelona, Catalonia (north-east to Spain). Breaking the fourth wall as Ferris Bueller in Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) to talk about himself, Marcos is a 35 year-old man who see his life turned upside down in the worst way: his 8-year relationship with Ana ends abruptly when she breaks-up with him in the same moment that Marcos makes her a marriage proposal. And as if it wasn't enough, the next day his boss fires him claiming personnel reduction. Defeated and w.."
img: 9359344.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy]
tags: Comedy 
language: Spanish
year: 2020
imdb_rating: 5.8
votes: 2121
imdb_id: 9359344
netflix_id: 81043103
color: 114b5f
---
Director: `Laura Mañá`  

Cast: `Quim Gutiérrez` `Natalia Tena` `Alfonso Bassave` `Ernesto Alterio` `Alba Ribas` 

2019. Barcelona, Catalonia (north-east to Spain). Breaking the fourth wall as Ferris Bueller in Ferris Bueller's Day Off (1986) to talk about himself, Marcos is a 35 year-old man who see his life turned upside down in the worst way: his 8-year relationship with Ana ends abruptly when she breaks-up with him in the same moment that Marcos makes her a marriage proposal. And as if it wasn't enough, the next day his boss fires him claiming "personnel reduction." Defeated and without resources or money, Marcos is forced to move back with his parents, obsessed to recover Ana at any cost. Feeling like an alien lost on planet Earth and totally unfamiliar with the 21th century's language and social networks, Marcos starts to follow the advises of Sebastián Vennet, a famous Argentinian Internet coach and guru in an attempt to change himself to be a successful man and a sex machine. Blackmailing his close friend and unstoppable womanizer Diego, Marcos gets a job as sports commentator in the Internet section of the newspaper where Diego works. Just later and by chance, Marcos meets Raquel, a former high school classmate who returned Barcelona after several years living in London. Funny, outlandish, loudmouth, streetwise, free-spirited, accordion player and amateur singer all in one, Raquel is a force of nature totally opposite to Marcos who decides help him to change his life with her personal touch. Then the unexpected happens: Ana reappears wanting him only for sex but rejecting to date him, leaving him puzzled and confused, keeping his secret encounters with Ana away from Raquel, at the same time that his beautiful and sex-bomb but vain and selfish job partner Lorena hits on Marcos after his some unsuccessful attempts to have an affair with her. However, Marcos realizes his true feelings about Raquel at the worst moment: a casual meeting in a disco between the three causes Raquel to discover the truth, catching Marcos in the most inconvenient moment. Feeling more lost than before, Marcos is forced to discover what he really wants in life before he loses everything.::Chockys