---
layout: post
title: "Knocked Up"
description: "When Alison Scott is promoted in E! Television, she goes to a night-club to celebrate with her older married sister Debbie. Alison meets the pothead reckless Ben Stone and while having a small talk with Ben, Debbie's husband Pete calls her to tell that their daughter has chicken pox. Debbie leaves the place but Allison stays with Ben, drinking and dancing along all night; completely wasted, they end up having a one night stand. Ben does not use a condom and eight weeks later, Allison discovers that she is pregnan.."
img: 0478311.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Romance]
tags: Comedy Romance 
language: English
year: 2007
imdb_rating: 6.9
votes: 344927
imdb_id: 0478311
netflix_id: 70059982
color: 495867
---
Director: `Judd Apatow`  

Cast: `Seth Rogen` `Katherine Heigl` `Paul Rudd` `Leslie Mann` `Jason Segel` 

Ben Stone, like his four roommates, is a schlub and slacker. Their sole work - unpaid self-employment - is creating a website that identifies where scenes of women's nudity appears in mainstream movies. Alison Scott lives in a suite in the house of Debbie and Pete, her sister and brother-in-law. Slightly insecure Alison masks that insecurity by trying to control her life, much like her sister. Alison celebrates her promotion as on-air reporter for E! by going out with Debbie to a club, where she meets Ben. A generous gesture on Ben's part leads to Ben and Alison hooking up, which by the sober light of day she realizes was probably a mistake as they are totally incompatible. Conversely, Ben really likes Alison, who generally would be considered out of his league. However, that liaison results in Alison becoming pregnant. After thinking about the implications, she decides to keep the baby. Beyond the personal issues, Alison struggles with how this pregnancy will affect her new job, especially in the eyes of her image conscious bosses, Jack and Jill. Despite being a big kid himself, Ben, wanting to do right by Alison, supports her in any way he can. As they are both "nice" people who strive for the traditional when it comes to family, they decide to give their relationship a shot despite their incompatibility. Especially for Alison, her primary concern is not ending up the way of Debbie and Pete, who too are incompatible, who only married because Debbie got pregnant, and who both seem unhappy in their married life.::Huggo