---
layout: post
title: "Aim"
description: "Karan is a lazy good-for-nothing who lives on the generated income of his father and elder brother at their family business. Karan's days: hang out with buddies and romance a woman named Romi. When he watches an action movie, he decides to enlist in the army with a friend, but basic training proves to be too much of a bother and he shortly abandons it, thus making him lose respect on the home front.."
img: 0323013.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Drama,Romance,War]
tags: Action Drama Romance War 
year: 2004
imdb_rating: 7.9
votes: 20042
imdb_id: 0323013
netflix_id: 70001237
color: 533747
---
Director: `Farhan Akhtar`  

Cast: `Hrithik Roshan` `Preity Zinta` `Amitabh Bachchan` `Om Puri` `Sharad S. Kapoor` 

It's 1999, and Lt. Karan Shergill (Hrithik Roshan) has been posted to the Siachen region of Kashmir, near the Indo-Pak border. As he bonds with fellow officers and gets to know the region under their supervision, he reminisces about his previous life, how he was the good-for-nothing black sheep of his family who took the entrance exam for the Indian Military Academy purely on a whim. Harsh training prompted him to run away and return home, but that decision, in turn, caused a breakup with his girlfriend, Romila "Romi" Dutta (Preity Zinta), and a confrontation with his father's low opinion of him. He returned to the academy, finished his training, and emerged an officer - but there isn't much time left to dwell upon the past. Terrorists have crossed the Line Of Control and now occupy a few key mountain peaks that serve as attack points. Indian Defense retaliates, and thus begins Operation Vijay, a mission to reclaim the terrorist-captured points before it is too late. Karan is swept into a heated battle to capture an important peak. He knows very well that this might just be a great chance to serve his country and look the world in its face.::Soumitra / revised by statmanjeff