---
layout: post
title: "Ashes of Love"
description: "Flora realm and Heavenly realm are at odds. The Flower Goddess dies giving birth to her daughter. She had a premonition about her newly born daughter's future and the trials she will endure, she fed her the Unfeeling pill. Prior to her death she asked the elders of the flora realm a favor to protect the child from heavenly realm. The girl's name is Jin Mi. She had been imprisoned within Shui Jing for about 10,000 years now. But suddenly one day heavenly emperor's second son Xu Feng while trapped by someone mistakenly enters the Shui Jin.."
img: 8976346.jpg
kind: tv series
genres: [Comedy,Fantasy,Romance]
tags: Comedy Fantasy Romance 
language: Mandarin
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 8.5
votes: 958
imdb_id: 8976346
netflix_id: 81026363
color: 533747
---
Director: `N/A`  

Cast: `Yuqi Chen` `Allen Deng` `Zhonghua He` `Liao Jingfeng` `Zhang Junran` 

Flora realm and Heavenly realm are at odds. The Flower Goddess dies giving birth to her daughter. She had a premonition about her newly born daughter's future and the trials she will endure, she fed her the Unfeeling pill. Prior to her death she asked the elders of the flora realm a favor to protect the child from heavenly realm. The girl's name is Jin Mi. She had been imprisoned within Shui Jing for about 10,000 years now. But suddenly one day heavenly emperor's second son Xu Feng while trapped by someone mistakenly enters the Shui Jing. He was saved by the ignorant Jin Mi. To repay the debt of saving his life, he broke her out of Shui Jing and brought her to heavenly realm. After living together for hundred years, Xu Feng fell in love with her. His elder brother, the first son of heavenly emperor is in love with her too. But Jin Mi remains unfazed because of the unfeeling pill that she had in her from the moment she was born. As the series goes forward the tension between brothers rose up and they ended up being on the opposite side of a stick. This series has all, Passionate romance, Good action, good supporting actor, Evil conspiracies, Pure hatred, Some unexpected twist, every thing required to make a drama entertaining. This series will leave you wanting for more and more.::Smokyy007