---
layout: post
title: "Dangal"
description: "Biopic of Mahavir Singh Phogat, who taught wrestling to his daughters Babita Kumari and Geeta Phogat. Geeta Phogat was India's first female wrestler to win at the 2010 Commonwealth Games, where she won the gold medal (55 kg) while her sister Babita Kumari won the silver (51 kg)..."
img: 5074352.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Biography,Drama,Sport]
tags: Action Biography Drama Sport 
language: Hindi
year: 2016
imdb_rating: 8.4
votes: 146529
imdb_id: 5074352
netflix_id: 80166185
color: 5e503f
---
Director: `Nitesh Tiwari`  

Cast: `Aamir Khan` `Fatima Sana Shaikh` `Sanya Malhotra` `Sakshi Tanwar` `Aparshakti Khurana` 

Dangal is a biography of a real life patriotic fighter Mahavir Singh Phogat who raises his daughters and evolves them into World Class Fighters. The movie begins with a crochy brawl between Mahavir (Aamir Khan) and his colleague who was also former wrestler, thus embalming the terrific Dangal Theme, discovering Mahavir's past life of a Wrestler. Mahavir admires to make his dreams come true by his sons but on contrary, four daughters take birth. They come with a complaint of beating down a boy in their locality. Hence Mahavir hopes they would be future Wrestlers. So he trains his daughters Gita and Babita, thus proving they're no less than a professional male wrestler. After a long struggle, Gita enters the National level Wrestling and acquires victory. When she is up to the Internationals, she opts to get trained from the NSA(National Sports Academy) where a coach mis-trains Gita, due to which she deliberately fails every match she attempts. Her sister Babita also attains an age to get into Wresting. Now, Mahavir plans to train both by his own norms. Finally, Gita defeats an Australian Wrestler by following the predominant path of her father, not of the coach. The movie is par excellent, enridges Women Empowerment in the Nation.::Srivathsavan Iyengar