---
layout: post
title: "Jurassic World: Fallen Kingdom"
description: "Three years after the Jurassic World theme park was closed down, Owen and Claire return to Isla Nublar to save the dinosaurs when they learn that a once dormant volcano on the island is active and is threatening to extinguish all life there. Along the way, Owen sets out to find Blue, his lead raptor, and discovers a conspiracy that could disrupt the natural order of the entire planet. Life has found a way, again..."
img: 4881806.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Sci-Fi]
tags: Action Adventure Sci-Fi 
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 6.2
votes: 254814
imdb_id: 4881806
netflix_id: 80228280
color: 533747
---
Director: `J.A. Bayona`  

Cast: `Chris Pratt` `Bryce Dallas Howard` `Rafe Spall` `Justice Smith` `Daniella Pineda` 

A small team of mercenaries arrives on the abandoned Isla Nublar to collect DNA from the remains of the Indominus Rex at the bottom of the park's lagoon. After successfully collecting a bone fragment, the team's survivors barely escape the island following attacks by the Mosasaurus and Tyrannosaurus Rex. A U.S. Senate hearing in Washington, D.C. debates whether Isla Nublar's dinosaurs should be saved from an impending volcanic eruption. Mathematician Dr. Ian Malcolm testifies that the dinosaurs should be allowed to perish to correct John Hammond's mistake of cloning them. Meanwhile, Jurassic World's former operations manager, Claire Dearing, has established the Dinosaur Protection Group to save the animals. After the Senate rules against rescuing the dinosaurs, Hammond's former partner, Benjamin Lockwood, summons Claire to his Northern California estate. Lockwood and his aide, Eli Mills, reveal a plan to relocate the dinosaurs to a new island sanctuary. Claire is needed to help reactivate the park's dinosaur tracking system to locate the animals, particularly Blue, the last surviving Velociraptor. Although they are estranged, Claire recruits Jurassic World's former Velociraptor trainer and Blue's alpha, Owen Grady, to help capture her..