---
layout: post
title: "The Space Between Us"
description: "In this interplanetary adventure, a space shuttle embarks on the first mission to colonize Mars, only to discover after takeoff that one of the astronauts is pregnant. Shortly after landing, she dies from complications while giving birth to the first human born on the red planet - never revealing who the father is. Thus begins the extraordinary life of Gardner Elliot - an inquisitive, highly intelligent boy who reaches t.."
img: 3922818.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Romance,Sci-Fi]
tags: Drama Romance Sci-Fi 
year: 2017
imdb_rating: 6.4
votes: 46468
imdb_id: 3922818
netflix_id: 80097424
color: 2c6e49
---
Director: `Peter Chelsom`  

Cast: `Gary Oldman` `Janet Montgomery` `Trey Tucker` `Scott Takeda` `Adande 'Swoozie' Thorne` 

When a female astronaut who was sent on a mission to establish a colony on Mars, discovers she's pregnant after leaving the Earth and went in to labor when they arrived on Mars and died giving birth. Her son who would be named Gardner would grow up on Mars and they fear that being born on Mars; his physiology would be different and not withstand being on Earth, so they don't allow him to leave Mars. Gardner would be well educated and be a genius. He would want to know about his mother, the planet she's from and who his father is. He would get her personal effects in storage and finds a picture of her with a man whom he thinks is his father. He also would chat with a girl named Tulsa who's a foster child who's frustrated with just being a source of income for her foster parents. He would tells her some lame story of being sick and not being able to go to her in person. Kendra, his guardian, asks for permission to let Gardener go to Earth but Nathanniel Shepherd, the man who built the Mars colony and who was with Gardner's mother when she died and thinks it's dangerous for him. But he's overruled and Gardner comes to Earth and likes what he sees. When they do some tests on him, he senses they're going to send him back to Mars but he wants to see Tulsa and find his father. So he bolts. When they learn he's gone, Shepherd is desperate to find him but why is he worried about him or is he trying to keep his existence a secret. He finds Tulsa and she's not pleased to see him at first because he stopped talking to her for months--when he was coming to Earth. When Shepherd and Kendra find him, they run and try to find his father. And his heath gets worse.::rcs0411@yahoo.com