---
layout: post
title: "Who Am I to You?"
description: "Prem, a top student, is learning the ropes of business under his elder brother Rajesh and his uncle Kailashnath, a big industrialist. In another town, Nisha is studying computer science and is the darling of her elder sister, Pooja, and her parents, Professor Choudhry and Kamladevi. Fate brings the two families together and this results in the the betrothal of Rajesh and Pooja. At the wedding, Prem meets Nisha and falls in love with this carefree woman. With Pooja as the woman of the house, joy knows no bounds in Prem's family. Months pass by and Pooja becomes pregnant. Nisha is invited .."
img: 0110076.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Comedy,Drama,Musical,Romance]
tags: Comedy Drama Musical Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 1994
imdb_rating: 7.5
votes: 18297
imdb_id: 0110076
netflix_id: 60035870
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Sooraj R. Barjatya`  

Cast: `Madhuri Dixit` `Salman Khan` `Mohnish Bahl` `Renuka Shahane` `Alok Nath` 

Prem, a top student, is learning the ropes of business under his elder brother Rajesh and his uncle Kailashnath, a big industrialist. In another town, Nisha is studying computer science and is the darling of her elder sister, Pooja, and her parents, Professor Choudhry and Kamladevi. Fate brings the two families together and this results in the the betrothal of Rajesh and Pooja. At the wedding, Prem meets Nisha and falls in love with this carefree woman. With Pooja as the woman of the house, joy knows no bounds in Prem's family. Months pass by and Pooja becomes pregnant. Nisha is invited to come and stay with her sister and attend the traditional function before the child's birth. Nisha's arrival is like a dream come true for Prem. Nisha stays there until the birth of the child, taking over the household chores, and becoming very much a part of the family. In soft whispers, Prem and Nisha commit their love for each other and secretly dream of spending a lifetime together. Then fate strikes a cruel blow when Pooja dies after a sudden fall down a flight of stairs. Because of this tragedy, life in the house comes to a standstill. Rajesh worries about the future of his motherless child, and it causes his health to deteriorate. Nisha's father suggests that Nisha should get married to Rajesh and become the mother of Pooja's child. Prem and Nisha decide to sacrifice their love for the sake of the family. Fate intervenes once again when Rajesh comes to know the truth behind Prem and Nisha's sacrifice. Putting his child into Nisha's arms, Rajesh unites and blesses the two lovers, whose hearts long to belong together.::Sujit R. Varma