---
layout: post
title: "Fish N Chips: The Movie"
description: "It all starts when Chips, a cat living in Brookyln, is kicked out by his father, Chipsus. He tells Chips to bring back his most coveted treasure if he ever wants to set paw back in the house, the bone of the no-good, meat-eating fish that gobbled up his ancestor. Unfortunately the bone is already in the possession of the that same fish's descendant. A goldfish who goes by the name of Fish. Chip's best friend Rolf graciously agrees to aid him in a series of schemes to gain b.."
img: 2925552.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Animation]
tags: Animation 
year: 2013
imdb_rating: 4.9
votes: 66
imdb_id: 2925552
netflix_id: 70275655
color: 8d99ae
---
Director: `Dan Krech`  

Cast: `John Leguizamo` `Mario Cantone` `Martin Villafana` `Ian Busher` `Jessica Greenberg` 

It all starts when Chips, a cat living in Brookyln, is kicked out by his father, Chipsus. He tells Chips to bring back his most coveted treasure if he ever wants to set paw back in the house, the bone of the no-good, meat-eating fish that gobbled up his ancestor. Unfortunately the bone is already in the possession of the that same fish's descendant. A goldfish who goes by the name of Fish. Chip's best friend Rolf graciously agrees to aid him in a series of schemes to gain back the bone. He tries many time but each attempt is more painful and less successful than the last. During one of these bids for the bone the unthinkable happens. Fish and Chips are fighting over the bone and it falls into the sewers. They try everything to get it back, even posters but eventually they have to give up. Fish and Chips, beyond consolation both happen to wander onto the beach at night. There their depression turns to wrath. They decide to seek revenge on the world that put them through this ordeal. And so they begin their vandalism spree. It turns out that Caline, a local catfish, is also full of secrets. Shortly after the bone is lost it finds its way into Caline's sink and rather than return it to Fish and Chips she hides it. But when she sees what a bad influence the cat and fish have on each other she gives it back... to both of them. .::Anonymous