---
layout: post
title: "Furious 7"
description: "Dominic and his crew thought they'd left the criminal mercenary life behind. They'd defeated international terrorist Owen Shaw and went their separate ways. But now, Shaw's brother, Deckard Shaw, is out killing the crew one by one for revenge. Worse, a Somalian terrorist called Jakarde and a shady government official called Mr. Nobody are both competing to steal a computer terrorism program called God's Eye, that can turn any technological device into a weapon. Torretto must reco.."
img: 2820852.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure,Thriller]
tags: Action Adventure Thriller 
year: 2015
imdb_rating: 7.1
votes: 352616
imdb_id: 2820852
netflix_id: 80019608
color: 7c616c
---
Director: `James Wan`  

Cast: `Vin Diesel` `Paul Walker` `Jason Statham` `Michelle Rodriguez` `Jordana Brewster` 

After defeating Owen Shaw and his crew and securing amnesty for their past crimes (depicted in Fast and Furious 6), Dominic "Dom" Toretto, Brian O'Conner and the rest of their team have returned to the United States to live normal lives again. Brian begins to accustom himself to life as a father, while Dom tries to help Letty Ortiz regain her memory. Meanwhile, Owen's older brother, Deckard Shaw, breaks into the secure hospital that the comatose Owen is being held in and swears vengeance against Dom and his team, before breaking into Luke Hobbs' Diplomatic Security Service (DSS) office to extract profiles of Dom's crew. After revealing his identity, Shaw engages Hobbs in a fight, and escapes when he detonates a bomb that severely injures Hobbs. Dom later learns from his sister Mia that she is pregnant again and convinces her to tell Brian. However, a bomb, disguised in a package sent from Tokyo, explodes and destroys the Toretto house just seconds after Han, a member of Dom's team, is killed by Shaw in Tokyo. Dom later visits Hobbs in a hospital, where he learns that Shaw is a rogue special forces assassin seeking to avenge his brother. Dom then travels to Tokyo to claim Han's body, and meets and races Sean Boswell, a friend of Han's who gives him personal items found at Han's crash site.