---
layout: post
title: "The Texas Chainsaw Massacre: The Beginning"
description: "In August, 1939, a worker goes into labor while working in a slaughterhouse and dies after a complicated labor, though the deformed child survives. The possibly orphaned baby is dumped in a garbage container and found by a beggar later, who brings him home. Along the years, the mentally retarded and disturbed boy called Thomas is raised by the Hewitt family in spite of having psychological problems as well as suffering from an unnamed skin disorder, later working in a meat packing plant. In July, 1969, when the facilit.."
img: 0420294.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Horror,Thriller]
tags: Horror Thriller 
language: English
year: 2006
imdb_rating: 5.8
votes: 66716
imdb_id: 0420294
netflix_id: 70045861
color: 495867
---
Director: `Jonathan Liebesman`  

Cast: `Jordana Brewster` `Taylor Handley` `Diora Baird` `Matt Bomer` `R. Lee Ermey` 

Prequel to The Texas Chainsaw Massacre (2003), the 2003 remake of The Texas Chain Saw Massacre (1974), is set in 1969, the height of the Vietnam War. Two young men are spending a last weekend with their girlfriends before being shipped overseas to the war. At the same time in a small Texas town, the only major business (a meat-packing plant and slaughterhouse) goes out of business, forcing the town's inhabitants to move on to greener pastures. One of the men who works in the plant is Thomas Hewitt, a deformed, demented psychopath (who will become known as Leatherface). When Hewitt finds out what is happening, he savagely murders the foreman of the plant. Meanwhile, the two young men and their girlfriends are headed down a lonely highway towards the town when they are involved in an car accident that cripples their vehicle. Soon they encounter the local sheriff, who is not really the sheriff, but the homicidal Charlie Hewitt, the uncle of Leatherface who has murdered the sheriff and taken his job and police car, knowing that with the town deserted, no one will notice. As Sheriff Hoyt, Uncle Charlie kidnaps three of the teens and takes them to his home where he, Leatherface Hewitt, the senile Uncle Monty, and Charlie's sister, Luda Mae, reside. Charlie wants the developing monster 'Leatherface' to "refine" his murderous abilities. The one girl, Chrissie, who escaped unnoticed, attempts to rescue them with the help of a biker whose girlfriend was killed by 'Sheriff Hoyt'. What follows is a night of sheer terror at the hands of a family of cannibalistic, inbred psychopaths...::Derek O'Cain