---
layout: post
title: "Dil Se.."
description: "Amar Varma, a producer for Indian news radio, meets an enigmatic woman at a railroad station and then again at a hill station. He falls in love with her, but the woman, who calls herself Meghna, rejects and leaves him although she seems to be interested. Later, Varma agrees to marry his family's choice, Preeti. But suddenly Meghna is back, and what is the secret that she holds?.."
img: 0164538.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Drama,Romance]
tags: Drama Romance 
language: Hindi
year: 1998
imdb_rating: 7.6
votes: 26115
imdb_id: 0164538
netflix_id: 17671454
color: 1b263b
---
Director: `Mani Ratnam`  

Cast: `Shah Rukh Khan` `Manisha Koirala` `Preity Zinta` `Raghuvir Yadav` `Sabyasachi Chakrabarty` 

Amar Varma is sent on a temporary assignment from New Delhi to one of the northern provinces as a journalist for All India Radio. While there, he becomes curious about an illegally formed separatist movement that is committing acts of terrorism to free themselves of India's rule. He secretly meets the head of the group and interviews him--but can't comprehend the group's grievances against the government. "We are all Indians, aren't we?" he asks naively. He also meets a mysterious village woman named Meghna at a train station and then later in town, and is immediately drawn to the sadness in her tired eyes. Later, she claims that all the laughter left her when she was 8 years old and had never returned. She shows absolutely no interest in Amar, but his obsession only grows and he continues to chase after her even after being beaten up badly by her brothers. Finally, he is called back to the capitol and realizes reluctantly that this is a love that is not meant to be. Upon returning, he discovers that his family has found a woman whom they want him to marry. This potential bride comes in the form of Preeti, an adorable, westernized woman who in truth makes a much better match for Amar than did his village fantasy. Pushing his love into the background, he agrees to marry Preeti, and a wedding date is scheduled--but then Meghna shows up on his doorstep asking for a place to stay, and he lets her in. She is, in fact, in Delhi to commit a horrific act of terrorism....::Hariharan