---
layout: post
title: "The Meg"
description: "Five years ago, expert sea diver and Naval Captain Jonas Taylor encountered an unknown danger in the unexplored recesses of the Mariana Trench that forced him to abort his mission and abandon half his crew. Though the tragic incident earned him a dismissal from service, what ultimately cost him his career, his marriage and any semblance of honor was his unsupported and incredulous claims of what caused it - an attack on his vessel by a mammoth, 70-foot sea creature, believed to be extinct for more than a million years. But when a submersible lies sunk and disabled at the bottom of the.."
img: 4779682.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Horror,Sci-Fi,Thriller]
tags: Action Horror Sci-Fi Thriller 
year: 2018
imdb_rating: 5.6
votes: 141503
imdb_id: 4779682
netflix_id: 80237937
color: 264653
---
Director: `Jon Turteltaub`  

Cast: `Jason Statham` `Bingbing Li` `Rainn Wilson` `Cliff Curtis` `Winston Chao` 

A rescue team led by Jonas Taylor is saving a group of sailors trapped inside a sunken nuclear submarine when Jonas sees the hull of the submarine being damaged by an unknown creature. Two rescuers are stuck in the damaged submarine and say their return to the rescue submersible will take a few minutes. Taylor leaves them behind as he is afraid they will all die if they wait. As they leave, the damaged sub explodes. Taylor's claim is that a giant sea creature caused the disaster. He is dismissed by his teammate Dr. Heller, who believes Taylor was affected with pressure-induced psychosis and blames him for the loss of their friends. Five years later, billionaire Jack Morris meets Dr. Minway Zhang at the underwater research facility "Mana One", which Morris finances. Zhang and his daughter, Suyin, an oceanographer, are supervising a mission to explore what may be a deeper section of the Marianas trench, concealed by a Thermocline cloud of hydrogen sulfide. The mission is being conducted by Lori (Taylor's ex-wife), Toshi, and The Wall in a submersible. The mission appears to be going well until a very large creature hits the submersible, causing it to lose contact with Mana One..