---
layout: post
title: "Indiana Jones and the Last Crusade"
description: "An art collector appeals to Indiana Jones to embark on a search for the Holy Grail. He learns that another archaeologist has disappeared while searching for the precious goblet, and the missing man is his own father, Dr. Henry Jones. The artifact is much harder to find than they expected, and its powers are too much for those impure of heart..."
img: 0097576.jpg
kind: movie
genres: [Action,Adventure]
tags: Action Adventure 
year: 1989
imdb_rating: 8.2
votes: 674743
imdb_id: 0097576
netflix_id: 60010487
color: 5e503f
---
Director: `Steven Spielberg`  

Cast: `Harrison Ford` `Sean Connery` `Denholm Elliott` `Alison Doody` `John Rhys-Davies` 

After Adolf Hitler and the Nazis fail to obtain the Ark of the Covenant, Hitler orders the S.S. and Wehrmacht to go after the cup of Christ, the Holy Grail. Indiana Jones is pressed back into action after a mining magnate's lead researcher disappears mysteriously. The lead researcher is none other than Indy's dad, the feisty Professor Henry Jones. Meeting up with Dr. Elsa Schneider in Venice, Indiana and Marcus Brody discover that a second marker that reveals the location of the grail is buried in the catacombs of a converted church. Escaping from rats, fire, gunmen, and a ship's propeller, Indy discovers that his dad is being held in a castle on the German border with Austria. When he and Dr. Schneider reach the castle, Indy locates his father, but Elsa proves to be a turncoat, and even worse, so is the mining magnate, Walter Donovan. After Indy and Henry escape the castle, they head to Berlin to get the map and Henry's diary that provides critical information to those who seek the Grail. Marcus, however, is kidnapped by Nazis in Iskenderun, and Indy and Henry meet up with Sallah and start their own journey toward the "Canyon of the Crescent Moon". They run into Donovan and the Nazis, and a huge fight ensues. Will Indy obtain the Grail and gain eternal life for he and his father, giving the world a future of light, or will Adolf Hitler and the Nazis triumph and send the armies of darkness marching all over the world?::Derek O'Cain